3/8
- what I want out of conversations
	- to laugh, to share stories
		- Good storytelling takes you through the emotions of it all and invites the listener to feel you
	- to feel awe and wonder, to see goodness truth and beauty in the world. To see positively
- emotional advisor audit 
	- the audit
		- AMONG those I would go for for personal/work problems,
		- who allows me to express myself AND then work with me to reframe the event so that it doesn't cause me distress, in that order
	- Emotional advisory board: Jaimala (queen!), Trisha, and Luis. Would also invite Lily and Ethan to the conference
	- doing this for others...
- My favorite conversation partners: Luis, Trisha, Chris, Angel
	- why so?
		- 4/4 I have a lot of love for and connection with, feel comfortable talking to, in general share common activities/interests
		- 3/4 are good to fantastic storytellers
		- 3/4 offer me an articulate perspective of my own, cause me to reconsider
		- 2/4 I get a feeling of awe from talking with them, inspire me to live
		- 2/4 make me laugh all the time
- Easiest people to be present around: MiVi, Susan, Connor, Mattie, Aaku, Jae
	- Why?
		- No doubt in my mind that they enjoy and appreciate my presence, and I appreciate theirs. Great company
		- 5/6 Send regular invitations, I feel comfortable sending things back to them
- Thirsting for Prayer reflection
	- 
- Check-in
	- I'm feeling almost too hyped up. In response, I will process, and breathe, thank God for these beautiful things to reflect on.
		- I enjoy being happy
		- But I don't want it to impede on doing the things I want to and need to do today. We can celebrate later.
	- What's been good: surprise call from my brother, got an unexpected text from Ethan and I chose not to cover myself, responded to "thank you" texts from Lily and Jenna, texted Mom. It's a good morning. I think I'll be able to work today, God willing. Also! My heart feels light. I love God and I am happy I have been getting to pray everyday for a while now.


3/7
- Vices of wrath EoC
	- frustration at Jae for asking me about the 10 EPHS, annoyed to do it though it was helpful
	- anger...
	- apathy towards FSA for being in my house
- still in the state of stress and trying not to step on other's toes because of it
	- weakened me to be unnoticing and "not present" towards Janvi and Dhanvi
- Gotta call Via back!
- I have to do my abstract first and then capstone as *much as possible*, so that I can submit it before deadline/leaving for Disney trip. The more I do now, the more I can focus on being present on the mission trip and with Diamond. 
	- After capstone is Dr. Y task. And then *that's it!!!!!!!!!* (until after break, then it's environmental paper and MD/DO apps)
- Called Trish a couple days ago. i want plants. she's got marigolds and chia seeds starting up.
- Pulled up with MiVi for tacos, she wrote in her planner meals that I "saved her ass". 
- I feel very free today. That bodes well for meeting with God, meeting with Jenna, running with Ethan.
- If I do well today, I can simply be with Lily too.

3/6
- recently I have been swinging between authenticity and totally with God and in my weakness and shameful moments, or dying from stress
- Was thinking about how I never see Ethan on campus, and how I was going to act first and buy his VSA dare when lo and behold, I see him first in reflection before he walks into the Bobo
	- I didn't even freak out which is awesome
	- In fact it was really nice talking. 
	- I don't think I am going to get over him until he starts dating a girl or something, but for now it really does give glowing marshmallow vibes and sun qualities. Seeing his vision and clarity to really hone in on his path for medicine and God, its very sun-like
	- but for now, while we are in these times, I think I will just spend my last semester enjoying my time with him
- Medical assistant programs, reached out
- Lord, I trust in your plans. Please help me to center my life on you and keep up, doing what is valuable and important to do.
- I do need to study today is true
- 

3/5
AMDG
- kind of hungry. It's lent starting today, and I will eat my full meal after I write
- God is Light
- The lie that we are alone IS a lie, for God tells us "I am with you always to the close of the age" (Mt 28:20)
- Holiness (the mission of Israel that the whole world be blessed through them)
	- Those who are fatherless, those orphans, those widows, those among you who are strangers, care for them. Make sure that you make an extra effort to show them my mercy and love.
- On sin:
	- More than a list of things God doesn't like, but they injure us
	- Uncovering the roots rather than just confessing surface-level faults
		- The sins I confess recently are tied to... preoccupation with myself (pride), and lust-- lack of temperance in general, and lack of charity (enabling behavior) 
		- I used to confess laziness/neglect more often and pride even more often
- Lent
	- This March will be hectic, which means more than ever I need to guard against forgetting God and remaining faithful to Him. 
		- Exhaustion is a sign of improper self-care, which makes us susceptible to disease: not only in our body but our soul.
	- I want my love to be evident to Him! So I will keep doing what I said I will do: set aside time to pray and orient myself to God when I spend time writing, when I fast, and when I give alms.
	- The Levites whose inheritance was God Himself
	- The call to take care of the vulnerable among us
- You're OK. You're breathing, and God is with me. And you will be OK.

3/3
- Had an implicit "this is why we're friends" moment with Jae-- very open, casual deep conversation about things important to us and learning from each other. Good talks over French toast.
3/2
- Things to pack:
	- Bread snack
	- Laptop
- I was sad, but I still pulled through the emotions and did things today
	- Successfully coped from sad moment, called Susan to soothe
	- WORK: Ran. Did all the work I needed to do today and knew when to stop.
	- REST: Bought bread for french toast and texas toast. Crochet a little. Made matcha for working. Read a week's worth of OP in the library
		- Luffy "set the captive's free" moment
	- Connected w Luis, smiled at lots of strangers in passing, daily yap with Susan
		- Low energy recently? Forehead greasy... maybe the fried chicken
		- Luis and Sarah remind me that I want to be goofy and have that kind of close knit fun
			- I wonder... I can't give my all or act with clarity, so I'll hang back
			- God will work on His own time and He will prepare my heart for his calling
				- State of grace, prayer, saying yes
				- Discernment and doing God's will daily
- There's only so much I can do in a day 
- Insight writing to prepare for Lent
	- TRAINING. The disciple becomes like the teacher
	- Updated my mood board
	- Goals
		- Goal of Lent: to become like Jesus and train for 
	- Goal of insight writing
- If I could do today better I would... bring crochet or a book with me to do when I am waiting
- Future
	- See Angel!
	- Ask Josh if he is free to call in the evening
	- If Connor doesn't work Wed, then we can play a game
- Questions
	- Why does the goldfish smile back?
	- How should I prepare for Lent?