#### Would be done before Nov 1?
- [x] **set out business clothes attire** <mark style="background: #BBFABBA6;">ASAP</mark>
- [x] DC/Boston/NYC itinerary <mark style="background: #BBFABBA6;">*10/27*</mark>
- [x] Design biz cards *10/29*
- [x] 1 page resume *10/29*
- [x] Cards
	- [x] Janvi <mark style="background: #BBFABBA6;">*10/28*</mark>
	- [x] Susan *10/30*
- [x] Call Rebecca
- [x] Drive *10/31*
	- [x] Small card for Susan? (house) 
	- [x] Janvi card (USPS)
	- [x] Return library books
	- [x] Pick up biz cards
- [x] Pack for big trip *10/29*
	- [ ] print resume
- [x] Flight: Sat morning (*11/1*)

#### Can wait until after conference:
- [ ] CSTE app
- [ ] post on IG


Every culture cherishes time because it's limited, life ends. Time is a gift. If you remember, that scarcity of "running out of time" for our relationship was a terrible pressure point for me. Yes, yes, it is clear, you were right to say there was nothing to worry about seeing that you are indeed reachable over multiple means and we are still friends. Even before I was sure that would be the case, God inspired a conclusion rooted in faith for me I wanted to share: suppose you died at the end of the year, or it happens that I never go to Texas again, or maybe neither of us died but there was never another opportunity in this life for a shared context after falling out of touch. For me I was sad...

Do you ever think...?

All that said, I think there is something special about sharing life and time in the penultimate age, in the same way that you read about war buddies who have a lifetime bond forged from having each other's back and fighting side-by-side. Truly, there is no scarcity in God; to receive all my life time properly as a gift, that we were in the same place and that I get to know you and pray on your behalf is already an extremely generous blessing.




(Like, it's so awful, 2020s slang is going to die out until the end of time until we, body, soul and and all of our wholesome cultural particularities come back and inevitably we're gonna have that disciple enshrining skibbidi rizz L bozo ahh forever). 



