### To-do:
- [ ] ENV health paper
- [x] Ask Sarah for LOR

- [ ] Sell before weekend??? (5/1)

- [x] Othello 4/29
- [x] Email Ms. Murray due 4/28
- [ ] ENV paper 5/6
- [x] 5/2-5/4 Noel and Diamond bday bash
- [x] Upload capstone prez and video due 5/5
- [ ] Dr. Y tasks 5/5
	- [ ] Write methods
- [ ] Dr. Y lunch 5/7
- [ ] Capstone symposium 5/8
- [ ] Volunteer for Bear-ly Used, 5/9-18
- [ ] Epi grad night 5/11
- [ ] PUBH/Kente 5/15
- [ ] Graduation 5/16
---

### Thought dump:
5/1
- Fixing an appliance: (1) all things were knowable by anyone and (2) anything was fixable if you took the time to figure out what was broken.
> *Wouldn't it be cool to be able to articulate my own principles and beliefs like the admirables in life and fiction do?*
I may not be able to do so that I live by in a top-down process, but from the bottom-up I can say I find life full of interesting things, and most importantly, bound up by love. There is creativity and sacrifice and levels of interconnectivity and rhythm to it all. And I know I am small and can only do so little, but to move with the current one can be raised up to prominence. 

4/30
List of IL Food Co-ops
	*Found here:* https://grocerystory.coop/food-co-op-directory
	*And in message below:*
	Saved message (send 4/30): 
	Dear Jon,
	Thank you so much for your work! I found your website linked from the Happy Places Index quiz results. I am delighted to find that there are food co-ops in my area, and I wanted to share a couple more that did not make this list.
	Wild Onion Market (Rogers Park, Chicago, IL) Link: https://wildonionmarket.com/
	Food Shed Co-op (Woodstock, IL) Link: https://foodshed.coop/
	Sugar Beet (Oak Park, Chicago, IL) Link: https://www.sugarbeet.coop/
	Common Ground Co-op (Urbana, IL) Link: https://www.commonground.coop/
	Green Top Grocery (Bloomington) Link: https://greentopgrocery.com/

- I pray, O Lord, for the strength and grace to reconcile with my friend and treat him as he deserves. I shall have no anxiety or fear about the future at all, and trust that you will let me know when it is time to extend my hand. Jesus, I trust in you. 
- Father, I thank you for your Son and for the Spirit you send to guide us. I ask in your Son's name that, if it be your will, that we restore our friendship and put down any divisions that separate us. 

4/29
- Davos: the World Economic Forum, "bringing together government, business and civil society leaders to set the year's agenda for how leaders can make the world a better place for all"
	- Vested interests (business, political)
	- Maintaining the status quo
- We will not reach a utopia with humanity alone, and it will not be fulfilled until we are unified with Christ as our king, but here and now we can move towards encouraging the Kingdom on earth. And that requires both spiritual transformation as well as taking place in our material dimension. 
4/28
#### Essay on touch
"I'll *touch* you." In the grocery store. 
4/27

- Spent the last week agonizing on how to deal with this anxiety, pride, ego, shame, doubt soup (consulted Susan this Friday, felt sad and cried to God most days of the week) --> finally feel at peace with moving on and discerned what to do next. Instead of "wiping the slate clean" and having to have him in the same place as before, or even texting him from my end at all, I'll just call him with confidence when my hands are fully open. Even if it takes years.
	- In the span of the day, too. I asked God for clarity and I did enjoy my time with MiVi and Sunny even with a heavy heart. Connor called, when I wanted to rest and that was restful. I decided against calling Ethan to paint with Mira and the kids. Then by the time I got home, I listened to Fr. Mike talk about moving on, and how worry and anxiety about the future can indicate pride. 
- Betrayal and mercy have been big theological themes recently. *Mercy*. Lolo kiko, papa francisco, so as Peter professed his three-fold love after his three-fold denial, so the Successor's ministry and power proper comes from the same perspective
	- The Petrine ministry is a "ministry of mercy, born of an act of Christ's own mercy ... The Church of God is called by Christ to manifest to a world ensnared by its sins and evil designs that, despite everything, God in his mercy can convert hearts to unity and enable them to enter into communion with him" (A reading from the Encyclical Letter Ut Unum Sint)
		- authority proper is completely at service of God's merciful plan. It's power is from this perspective
	- How disposing yourself to receiving love brings you to love others and all good things (God). To live like this disposes you to receive God  
