
## to do:
- [x] Ask Dr. Y for LOR 4/25
	- [ ] Ask Sarah for LOR
- [x] Race ONE 4/26
- [ ] Othello 4/29
- [x] Email Ms. Murray due 4/28
- [ ] ENV paper/presentation 5/1
- [ ] 5/2-5/4 Noel and Diamond bday bash
- [ ] Upload capstone prez and video due 5/5
- [ ] Dr. Y tasks 5/5
	- [ ] Write methods
- [ ] Dr. Y lunch 5/7
- [ ] Capstone symposium 5/8
- [ ] Volunteer for Bear-ly Used, 5/9-18
- [ ] Epi grad night 5/11
- [ ] PUBH/Kente 5/15
- [ ] Graduation 5/16
---
## notes:

### Personal commandments:
1. If it is good, wise, and 
2. Ask yourself only what is possible to do.
3. Be where your feet are.

4/23
From the MPH!
- Be where your 
- One day at a time.
- You're smarter than you think.
- There is light at the end of the tunnel (being prepared for a better tomorrow).
- Be yourself and self-aware (bc no one knows you better than yourself; where your strengths are and when to ask for help).
- Obstacles are meant to be overcome (don't let obstacles turn you away from something you really want).
- You don't need book, you got book inside you already (whatever you want to achieve academically, it is achievable [SAS example. So impossible, but I achieved it when I put in the work]).
- Everyone is nervous about cooperation, but teamwork can be successful.
- Let them (if someone is doing something that they are not supposed to be doing, let them).
- Hard work beats talent every time. (I am willing and able to outwork everybody, and that is valuable) 
- Put time and energy into keeping relationships strong.

"garland of victory" JEH-mala