
### To-do

- [ ] CASPER (June 10)
- [x] Medical school apps
	- [x] fill out AAMC
	- [x] submit by May 27

#### 6/4 (10 hours + 1 hour + 4 hours)
Crack of light dark screen Oreo soft cake Philippines fish United blanket (economy)
Air rushing by window rattling tray table up air pressurizing (like a whine)
ache in back smooth seat back pillow under
clean and sterile and a bit savory
a bit like tomato

Desire:
- [ ] write about insights
- [x] get in headspace for reaching out to friends
- [x] be ready for U.S. time

Obligations:
- [x] Email Kate
- [x] Prayer
- [ ] write AMCAS apps
- [ ] write-to do list for after vacation time

Good measure:
- [ ] Reflect on goals and state of life for clarity (enough so to re-iterate them to Luis)

Rest of day:
- [x] be with family
	- [x] text friends back when possible
- [ ] at home:
	- [x] be with family
	- [x] find Floreciendo docs and email Kate
	- [ ] unpack bags
	- [x] call?
		- [x] Ethan
		- [x] Mahita
		- [x] Luis?
	- [x] dinner
	- [ ] submit SHSU 
### Brain dump

Attentiooooooooooooon ! ("8am")

Loose plane itinerary:
- [x] movie until noon
- [x] rest (1-6)
	- [x] read!!
	- [x] prayer
	- [x] rest
- [ ] prep time
- [ ] AMCAS (finish 2 apps; 4-7)
- [x] insights (for fun; 1 hr) (2-3)
---
##### 6/6
I am so simple. Yes, and I am willing to show up and ask for time and space. I am myself, even if it is protracted in my mind.
	I see this fragile thing in my mind and cradle it in my thoughts. I think that he enjoys holding it, too. Can I trust anyone more than God to take care of it? Who knew that open communication and expectations was such a draw. 
	Horses have been the best analogy for feelings? Strong and rushing, kind of scary if you don't handle them with care. Can be spooked and flighty. I don't want to freak the horses out or dwell on them too heavily. I want them to run safely.
I want to present myself with more intention and "earth-like" presence
	   I am fond of him, so that is all the more reason to treat him with intentional care
Don't engage the spectre and dwell on how to express your 20/13 rating for him. The moment to engage will come, and let God fill you with the words you are to speak
	(Once you fall in love I can just let you reject me again, and then maybe we can adopt each other for a older sister, younger brother relationship)
	(I would choose you again and again, for the rest of my life. Second only to choosing God Himself in all things, I would choose us. I tell you, you are worth more than the world, and so if you let me I would show you how much I cherish you. I love hearing you laugh and seeing you be a silly goof, your sincerity, your vulnerabilities and limitations? I love it all. (The greatest compliment I can give! As they say) to see you is like seeing the face of God. I love you, truly, and I will always be in your corner. All of this is to say, that I want you to have a partner you can choose whole-heartedly. So if there is a chance you would consider choosing me, too, perhaps I may ask you on a date?)
##### 6/5
I know he is worth going all-in for. That's not, I think, the question at hand, or the way God is calling me towards.
	Am I willing to show up? Can I be myself around him? Can I give him space to be himself? Can I receive him well? 
		Once I am comfortable to tell him anything, then it will be very natural to speak in the same way as I do with my beloved friend.
	The old friend in my head will never compare to the real flesh and blood and soul down in Waco, no matter how sweetly the spectre speaks to me and plays on my old memories. The roots of this future, of this ghost, are shallow indeed
		Flowers with deep roots vs flowers with pungent smells and bright colors
I can't wait to tell him about what I learned about worth
	The vast world and how each of us is so little in reality. Worth, becoming special and valuable, is relational and set in context. (places and people becoming worthwhile through familiarity--like family) Me, personally, weak and a huge non-asset even for leisure travel, still loved and included and worth taking in. Something is worth whatever you're willing to pay for it. 
		Godworth is just that, this person is worth a good man and good God's death
		But I thought about treating every single person I see with God worth and that is in fact, not possible for me.
		God calls us to certain people and places, and says, love these ones. Love is our sacred way of life 
		What my friends are worth
			Seeing them everywhere
			Lily on tattoo day
			Ethan on Ash Wednesday
And I have nothing to fear if God doesn't have us together for this life, because I know as long as we both are in Christ, we are connected and one in something far greater than we could have ever done with just us. And if I am to go a long time without seeing him again, then we will get to fill each other in on all that we missed since we last laughed together.
What it means to die
	To die to self and live a new life? That Socratic wisdom (acc to Lewis) is the skill and practice of death. Death of passions and disorderly desires alone? No, it is not to discard parts of yourself (desires, passions) unlike the old but to subject the old to a new self completely. To die as the former and live a new life? 
		Too much abstraction. What does it mean to me?

Goals, hopes, dreams, progress
- wrong about "no one knows how to live, there is no wrong way to live life"
- "everyone did what was right in their own eyes"
	- Someone who chose the religious life at a young age, why not take some time, live a little? 
		- Valid if he had chosen to do so, but something to be gained by choosing the love of his life at a young age
	- Pursuit of love in any way of life

