
Remember:
	Receive all with joy, and know your desires are heard and cared for. *All glory be*.
	At the end of that day I want to say I gave from my heart.
### task list
- [ ] 
### 📝 how was the day, whatchu thinking:

ToM applied: what is the other thinking?
- Isabel is thinking about her trip
- Akhila is thinking about places to live and ppl w places
- I'm thinking about how to live
- Susan is thinking about...whatever she's doing. Not her top priority, right now.
- Ethan also is thinking about, probably school. Maybe bored. He reaches out because he (irrespective of where I am, mentally) wants to be friends with me.
- Connor is thinking about the DCP.

Conclusion: 
- In the interview setting I prepared for, I thought a lot about what perspective the faculty would be coming from. Thus, it was very easy to converse with them.
- In my "tough" social situations, I don't formulate a ToM and I don't adapt well. It's hard to respond to their state of mind if I can't perceive it.


Empathy is, what is the other person FEELING?
ToM is, what is the other person THINKING?

Conceit is what does other person feeling/thinking ABOUT ME?





---

pain is loud, pain and fear distorts the parts that need to be open in order to listen to others and make room for better things. Like peace love understanding
deep in my wounds is a fundamental part of where I am now and my world

Agree to disagree? Well, [[let me consider the possibility that you are right]]. WHAT IF you are right? If/then ...? Get a glimpse of what it would be like if I did.


---

[7 rules for understanding people](https://www.scotthyoung.com/blog/2007/08/28/the-critical-7-rules-to-understand-people/)
### Never blame malice for what is easily explained by conceit.
- Because the majority of every person's thoughts are self-directed,
	Embarrassment isn't warranted
	in general, the hurt I feel is a side-effect, not the principle cause
	Relationships are my duty to maintain. **Don't wait** to be invited to events or **for people to approach me.**
### Few social behaviors are explicit.
Therefore,
- focus on empathy, not just hearing the person.
- Demonstrate trust, build rapport and learn to probe a bit. By focusing on empathy you can usually break away these subversions and get to the heart of the issue faster.

### ### Behavior is largely dictated by selfish altruism.
- understanding motives. win/win: transactions, familial, status, implied reciprocity.
- Use this rule to understand the motives of people and appeal to them as if they were selfish. Find ways to help people within these categories.

### People have poor memories.
- people are forgetful by nature, so don't assume malice or disinterest if something is forgotten.
- you can show reliability if by having a good memory/system!

### Everyone is emotional.
- people tend to have stronger feelings about something than they let on
- Don't neeed to call people out on their private deception, but be sensitive to those underlying currents

### People are lonely.
- loneliness is fairly common.
### Did I mention people are self-absorbed? (what this means outside of relationships and my emotional state)
- People are self-concerned and tend to me lonelier, more emotional, and feel differently than they let on
	what this means:
	- Helps me understand others
	- Proactive and independence is good -- placing my own happiness in the hands of another person/people puts me at risk

---

Recc read this too: https://www.scotthyoung.com/blog/2008/12/22/how-to-be-more-social/ 
Treat other people how you want to be treated. If you want other people to be nice, friendly and fun in meeting you, do the same. If you take this attitude, it doesn’t take long to realize that the cool people aren’t arrogant or standoffish. They are the people who are friendly and outgoing, who introduce themselves to new people with a smile and pay attention when other people talk.

Cultivate a habit of friendliness. Friendliness, more than anything else, will improve your social skills. This means be willing to initiate conversations, say hi to people, and make the first move. If you’re not used to it, it takes a lot of energy. But, if you start small you can build it into an automatic part of your life. 