
---
### 📝 How was the day, whatchu thinking:

Today was a rest and prepare day; it got me thinking, and it also got me here. 

Recently my life has been decided on whims.
- I woke up this morning with [[Diamond]] and her mom. I was here because Dad suggested it. I wanted to hang out with Diamond, and we deemed this was the plan that made the most sense. 
- I wanted to hang with Diamond because she was sad first, and I agreed it was sad.
- I spent the afternoon riding on the way to Waco, because it meant that I wouldn't be alone. It was to have more "Diamond time", but when it came down to it, it was a quiet car ride.

Unable to work, prepare for the future, or make phone calls (like I thought I wanted to) I tried to journal. Over the past weeks, I've been realizing my deficiencies and realizing I was unhappy and wanting to change. Once I got to Waco and into my room, I was so exhausted from the day that I took a nighttime nap.

When I woke up I texted [[Ethan]]. We had been texting throughout the day, and each time we have been able to catch each other. This time, he asked me how I was doing and I wrote out for the first time how I felt about this upcoming month: it was daunting. It was daunting living in Houston, without Diamond, in a  new environment. It was daunting to drive in a new city, especially with how fast things appear to be. It was daunting not having my family and having to procure food. It was like going to college all over again.
	That being said, I know I am capable of doing it. I *can* absolutely do my intern work and live here. And if I turn my life a little to the side, I can enjoy what I have in the now and in the future.

Closer past midnight, [[Steph]] texted if I was awake, and we caught up on where we are. She's going to visit Noel impromptu and read him the vows she wrote if the moment is right. She is so mature. (I will have to come back to this later.)


>>>

I've also just been thinking of Ethan, a lot. I had the thought that thinking of him at this point in my life is like eating too much of any food: too much of one thing will make you ill. The goal is a *balanced diet*--meaning that I got to do whatever I set myself to in the moment. If it's time to text back, we can think about him and text him back. If it's time to reflect in the day, that's a good time too. But, ***if it's time to work, it's time to work***. 

What I have been thinking is finding further and further evidence that he is someone who I would want to give it a shot with as a potential life partner. Today he thanked me for supporting him, as I always do. It was mutual. I told him that it was so nice to round off the day with each other. It was mutual.
	I even got stuck on a phrase earlier when he said "when we go out together"... it was in context of telling him something so obviously it's when we go and hang out, but thinking about "going out" in the romantic way, it pulls me.
	Diamond had 2 times today when she saw his text notification come up and she just swiped out and gave me my phone back when it happened. I'm not going to bring it up, and she isn't the type to either.

>>> 

I spent an hour on the ground after my last text to Steph and I ironed the shirt I wanted to wear for the day. I was thinking about Luis, and how I want to level with him about my emotional state. (May or may not want to come back here later.)

>>>

I would like to mention that it was a good Diamond day today. Honestly, the little bits I watched of How I Met Your Mother was a riot and I really liked ***listening to the radio and TV news*** because I was just that more aware of what was going on in the world. 


#### Task list:
- [x] Pack rice
- [ ] AMCAS submission!
- [x] Transcript to Ghia
- [ ] Proposal submission
- [ ] Organize CAN DO and other tasks to do
- [x] Mass tonight
- [ ] Prepare for tmr

#### Good things to keep with you:
- nature
- journaling
- texting friends

#### GOOD JOB! YOU...
journaled all this in 30 minutes. Answered shadow work (yes... exhausting) and remembered your day in a narrative! We have good things ahead. Now go to sleep, silly.

---
###  📅 ✨Special✨ Daily Questions for JULY

1. Question 1
2. When was the last time you truly gave yourself grace and forgave yourself for a mistake? What was the mistake?
3. What are five self-care activities that make you feel safe and secure?
4. Write about a time when someone else showed you compassion. How did it feel?
5. Write about a time you showed someone else compassion. Why, and how did that feel?
6. When are you hardest on yourself? Where do you think this stems from?
7. Why are you so reluctant to be kind to yourself?
8. Write about a time you put yourself under unnecessary pressure. Why do you think you did this? Were you put under pressure by parents/caregivers?
9. What situations make you feel less than or not good enough? Why do you think this is?
10. Write about a time you messed up and needed forgiveness. How did this play out?
11. What types of body movement feel good to you?
12. What are three ways you can be kind to yourself today?
13. How do you set and enforce boundaries? What are your boundaries?
14. How do you feel when people overstep your boundaries?
15. What are three main goals you want to achieve with shadow work?
16. What Jungian archetype do you most identify with and why?
17. When you really think about it, is there anything you’re currently in denial about and avoiding?
18. What does “love” mean to you?
19. Have you ever found yourself manipulating others to protect yourself? When did this start and how does this make you feel?
20. What’s one regret you have? Why is it a regret? How do you feel about it? Is this something you can correct in future?
21. Did your parents show you compassion and forgiveness as a child?
22. What were your parents’/caregivers’ morals and values? How do your own morals and values reflect these today, and why do you think that is?
23. How was your relationship with your parents/caregivers?
24. How is your current relationship with your family?
25. What was one time you can remember feeling wronged as a child? How did you react? How has this affected you in adulthood?
26. What are your core values as a human being? What’s more important to you? What are you morally passionate about?
27. How do you perceive failure? How does it make you feel?
28. How did your parents react to failure?
29. What parts of your parents/caregivers do you see in yourself? When did this become apparent and how does it make you feel?
30. What toxic traits have you noticed in your parents?
31. How does this statement make you feel? “Parents are human beings. They aren’t perfect or super-human. They make mistakes and mess up just as much as you or I.”
32. How did you process emotions as a child?
33. How did you process emotions as a teenager?
34. How did you process emotions as a young adult?
35. How do you process emotions now? Has this changed over time? How?
36. What are your preconceptions about femininity? What do you think this is? Where do you think this came from?
37. What are your preconceptions about masculinity? What do you think this is? Where do you think this came from?
38. How were you taught to deal with emotions as a child?
39. What’s a question you had as a child that never really got answered?
40. What is something you’ve always wanted to confront someone about, but didn’t? Why didn’t you confront them? How do you feel about that now?
41. Write about a time someone you trusted betrayed you. How did it make you feel at the time? How do you feel about it now?
42. Write about a traumatic event that happened in your life. How has it impacted you?
43. Write about a massive life event that you truly feel you’ve moved on from. How do you think you managed to do this on this occasion?
44. If you could speak to someone who broke your trust now, what would you say to them?
45. Write about a time you felt let down by someone you looked up to.
46. How do you feel about who you are as a human?
47. What is your attachment style? How do you think this formed?
48. Do you struggle to form healthy attachments within your relationships? If so, why?
49. Would you call yourself self-destructive? If you do, how do you engage in these behaviours?
50. When you feel emotional pain, how do you make it go away? How do you feel about this?
51. Write about one person you’ve never forgiven. What did they do? Why do you still hold a grudge? Do you want to forgive them someday but can’t bring yourself to?
52. When you feel emotional pain due to past trauma, where in the body do you feel it’s stored?
53. What is one thing you can do today to release some of the trauma in your body?
54. What is the most hurtful thing anyone has ever done to you?
55. What is the most hurtful thing you’ve done to yourself?
56. How do you move forward after hurting someone else?
57. What’s the biggest promise to someone else that you’ve broken?
58. What’s the biggest promise to yourself that you’ve broken?
59. Have you ever had your heart broken? Write about it. How do you feel about it now?
60. Have you ever broken someone else’s heart? Write about it.
61. How do you fill your time when bored?
62. How would you LIKE to fill your time when bored?
63. What gives you enjoyment? Write at least five things.
64. Who were your heroes growing up? What did you admire about them?
65. What’s the meaning of life, to you?
66. What was the last argument you had about? How did you react? How do you feel about it now? Was it resolved?
67. How do you feel about confrontation? Why do you think this is?
68. What was one way you used to self-soothe when you were growing up?
69. What were your hobbies when you were younger?
70. What are some ways you can bring activities you enjoyed as a child into adulthood?
71. If you could speak to your child-self now, what would you say?
72. How does thinking about yourself as a child make you feel?
73. When you feel threatened or cornered, how old do you feel? Did anything traumatic happen at this particular age?
74. Do you often experience physical reactions to emotional stress? If so, write about these.
75. If I told you to sit with your feelings instead of avoiding or numbing them, how would this make you feel?
76. Are you more prone to fighting, flying, freezing or fawning? Why do you think this might be?
77. How do negative experiences impact your intimate relationships?
78. What are your “comfort movies” or TV shows?
79. How often to you find time to yourself? Do you wish to improve this? If so, how can you?
80. What are your limiting beliefs and how do you plan to overcome these?
81. What are three traits in others that you dislike?
82. Do you have a tendency to project traits you don’t like onto others because you potentially possess them yourself? If so, which traits and why do you think this is?
83. What are some shadow traits that you know you possess? How do these make you feel about yourself?
84. Why do you consider certain shadow traits you possess to be ‘negative’?
85. What’s one trait that you see in other people that you wish you had and why?
86. Do you often find yourself overthinking things you’ve said or how you’ve acted? What usually triggers this?
87. What tends to trigger envy within you? Why do you think this is?
88. If your shadow was a separate person, what would you say to them?
89. How do you react when you’re angry? Does this reaction reflect the way you saw others react to anger growing up?
90. What triggers you? Can you identify your main triggers?
91. Do you ever find yourself acting ‘out of character’? When does this tend to occur the most?
92. What are your toxic traits? How do they present themselves?
93. What aspects of yourself would you like to improve? Why? How do you plan to do this?
94. Has anyone else ever pointed out areas that you need to improve? What were these? How did this make you feel?
95. What emotions do you tend to avoid feeling?
96. What negative emotions are you actually quite comfortable sitting with? Why might this be?
97. What is the biggest lie you’ve ever told someone else? How did it make you feel to tell it? What were the ramifications of this lie?
98. What’s one lie you tell yourself consistently? Why do you tell it?
99. What misconceptions have you harboured in the past? Where did they come from?
100. What does the term “shadow work” mean to you?

---

[[Daily Note Purpose]]