
---
### 📝 How was the day, whatchu thinking:

- Spent lots of time in [[talking to a friend]]. Straight into the Gratitude Log.
- Tomorrow we hang with Emily. Today we might call Trisha.
- I think my heart might explode, the boy I like just called me gorgeous. Actually short-circuiting right now.
	I want to give him a really good hug and hold him for a while. My heart is racing and I feel a little light. 
---
- It took me a while to get over that.
- And then I also spent a couple of unproductive hours on the phone...
- Sorry I couldn't call back everyone.
- I broke my calves.
- And I didn't call Trisha, but I did text her back.

Things that sound good:
- peach candle
- beef stew
- chili's mozzarella sticks
#### Am I satisfied with today's decisions? What would I have done differently?
- 

---

7/23: Today, I spent most of my day in contact with others, even though a large chunk of my time was spent on my computer. I took less than 700 steps today.

[[Luis]] called me when I woke up. We chatted about his recent PI meeting, credit cards, his grandpa's lore, my internship and work, his little cousins, anger and learning emotions, just anything on mind. I don't think he had anything to do that morning (he said he was going to eat and take a nap) so we ended up on a 2 hour call instead. He is a good talker for sure, and it works because I am good at listening. It was the best way to spend time while scrubbing transcripts. He asked a couple of times if I needed to go and I didn't, so he stayed on the line. Same with Steph-- she hung on the line while we chatted, and then sat in silence. I got to my first break of the day when I texted Ethan and checked in on him. After that, I went on the bed and took an hr and half nap. (Steph did too, I would find out.) We woke up to the next call I had with Via!! And that brought me happiness. 

When the day was coming to a close, I ate with Sammy and Diamond's mom. It is a happy thing that they invite me, and I haven't been alone this past month. It's warm in this house.

I ended the day looking forward to the [[Soullocke]]. Zak was playing Valorant, but since Ethan was ready he started the call early and we chatted for a bit about ADHD and shooters. After we played and got demolished in 10 minutes by critical hits, a Wobuffet, and whatever killed our last Pokemon, we restarted the era of Zej. 3 times (9 ROMs). We ended up needing to make new ROMs, and spent the last hour of the night chatting about internships, anime, school, and an upcoming VSAxFSAxKSA party. I hopped out at the last minute when [[Diamond]] called me. She shared her recent haul!!! And her plans to stay in Waco for at least 3 more weeks, if not the semester.

I am grateful to all of these people. ([[Gratitude Log 🪵 (9-11)]])

### Current WIPs
[[Gratitude Log 🪵 (9-11)]]
[[Heart's Desires (8-5)]]
[[LT goals toward fall semester]]
[[Coping belt (7-30)]]
#### Dailies
[[Special Daily Questions for July]]

---

[[Daily Note Purpose]]