### task list
- [ ] ePort checklist
	- [ ] finish and upload worklog
	- [ ] upload completed products
	- [ ] 
### 🌞 A good day for a good day:
🌻
- [ ] to-do list
- [ ] day plan
🌼
- [ ] reflect on day
- [ ] plan the next day
- [ ] reflect on life
	- [ ] open weekly notes
- [ ] set alarms before sleep
### 📝 How was the day, whatchu thinking:

22
23
- Thrifting with Lily
24
- Hang with Ethan
- Bday party


##### Lingering dissatisfaction
Ethan hosted me today because I invited myself over. 

When I think about it long enough I get curious about you.

The ways we hang out are different!
- Was that how you usually hang out with your friends?
	- Do you like it?
	- Did you like it?
	- Quiet presence vs chatty presence
- Do something together side-by-side vs face to face
	- Having friends vs connecting with them?
	- On the sidelines vs in Houston where ...?
- Thinking that you enjoy both -- 3 hr talks, hanging out and just chatting, 
- I was more along for the ride on what you wanted to do (didn't want to disrupt your day), so I want to make sure that first and foremost you did something you enjoyed

- I think I project my insecurity of going along with things I don't want to do and hate the idea of doing that to anyone else

---

My primary concern was whether he enjoyed our time and it wasn't burdensome to him.
- I was worried that he wasn't at ease, that he felt my slight tension and couldn't relax like he usually would (luckily, it's not true!)
I am grateful that he hosted me, putting up entertainment, offering to feed me, kind of directing the activity
- I think the activities I might do are different (chat/game, tea time, walk and talk... but I should keep an eye out for just putting something on and relaxing together, because I think he would love that too
- I am grateful he expresses gratitude too, and reveals how he was feeling because that was my main concern... I don't think he knows how he eases my worries
- ***It is important*** I keep expressing my feelings and gratitude in return, because he doesn't know what I don't tell him


---

Living in a fake place in my head
I'll see him in a few hours -- can I focus on the here and now?
I know it's not easy but I can do better than this.

