### task list
- [x] no phones until 9am!
	- [x] reflections
		- [x] My falls and what I want to work on as a result?
		- [x] Habits to form
		- [x] Identity-goals to take up
		- [x] Identity
	- [x] cleanup time
		- [x] reheat vegg, eat brekky and meds
		- [x] put out candle
		- [x] dump water
		- [x] physical journal:
			- [x] Identities: [[Therese]]
			- [x] and what did I do today
- [x] 9am text Jae and anyone else at once
- [x] message Ghia about Thursday
- [x] Get ready to head out
	- [x] get dressed 
	- [x] pack bag (food, work, water...)
- [x] Work time! (11-3)
	- [x] **poster**
	- [ ] **ePort**
	- [x] Floreciendo
	- [x] follow up with Kate over email
	- [x] make grocery list
- [x] HEB trip (5-6)
- [x] Workout: Stretches and rowing machine
- [x] Take a shower
### ðŸŒž A good day for a good day:
ðŸŒ»
- [x] to-do list
- [x] day plan
ðŸŒ¼
- [x] reflect on day
- [x] plan the next day
- [x] reflect on life
	- [x] open weekly notes
- [x] set alarms before sleep
### ðŸ“ How was the day, whatchu thinking:

Even just a day in review. I notice all the places I fall and come short -- I didn't start doing any work. I was journaling and fatigued in little time at all. After which, I went straight into hours of manga. I laid down. I *died*. 

Who is this girl who told Steph she was going to change soon? Who told Luis she was ready to tackle on life? Who told Ethan only 7 hours before she was going to hop on her laptop and get good things done?

Unfortunately for me, the girl at the helm changes moment to moment, meaning it is a *team effort* that we get anything done at all. Every driver has to do her part. Every moment counts. So, every 5 minutes that goes towards strengthening our girl rather than indulging her immediate cravings is a valuable 5 indeed.

Right now, the 6:50 leader is feeling the shame and regret of the dozens of leaders who were lost before her. 12 leaders, even 3 leaders from now, the shame won't hit as strongly, but the time was still lost.

- [ ] review W33's notes on becoming.

From the [[Wiring board]]:

Being avoidant. Daydreaming all day and not taking the initiative. Not making the call.
> I would rather be confident in how I feel and expressing that. I don't want to let the fear of the unknown and of rejection stop me from something potentially life-giving and beautiful.


---
At the EOD:

Thank God for his grace today, and I will go to bed thinking of him. I feel like doing these things, I might be able to get closer to you, too. Help me to keep focused on you, Lord, and the things that matter. I worry about many things. Even Steph is telling me that the answer is trust. I trust that you will be walking along side me tomorrow.