### task list
- [x] *wake up*
- [x] *text friends back*
- [x] *face routine*
- [x] *breakfast*
- [x] *finish writing task list*
- [ ] nap (9:30-11)
- [x] other tasks
	- [x] *register for classes*
- [x] *pack for Hoostin*
- [x] *clean room*
- [x] *intern time*
	- [x] *text Lily update*
	- [x] *3pm meeting*
	- [x] other tasks
		- [x] *apply to med schools*
		- [x] *finish matrix tasks*
		- [x] *update worklog*
- [x] snack and cook gyoza
- [x] *Greyhound at 4:10
	- [ ] lectio divina (7pm)
	- [ ] reflect on yesterday and week*
	- [ ] call Dad
	- [x] *text Diamond*
- [x] *EOD: (10pm-12am)*
	- [x] *take shower*
	- [x] *skin routine*
	- [x] *brush teeth*
### 🌞 A good day for a good day:
🌻
- [x] *to-do list*
- [x] *day plan*
*🌼*
- [x] *reflect on day*
- [ ] plan the next day
- [ ] reflect on life
	- [ ] open weekly notes
- [ ] set alarms before sleep
### 📝 How was the day, whatchu thinking:

- cool routine going down! Very natural morning, more of a reflexive reciprocal response for the 6am morning. Eventually got up and ate some cereal 
- greyhound ride, [[Luis]] called and I asked him to pick me up after some thought. A lot more people than I thought are willing to drive down with me than I thought. 
	Diamond and Trinity would be willing to wait with me, Lily was OK with making the round trip
- After Luis made a comment that it was too far for an hour round trip, I told him it was OK as I wasn't really asking anyway.
	- "Hey, I'm back?"
	- Kind of felt like crying though when he said at the end of the call that I shouldn't really worry about inconveniencing him if it has to do with my safety. It was getting late, so I asked him if he could.
	- Car rides are awkward with the average person, so when it was quiet in the car ride, I just took it in. 
	- "Bro is really just yapping" (I don't disagree.) I don't think I always have something to say, so what can I do. He was worried about my safety downtown, and his point was proven as we drove through various sketchy neighborhoods. TIL, Houston is the number ONE city in the U.S. for human trafficking, and "no offense, but you are their target audience".
	- He opted for cruising even as everyone was going the speed limit, and reassured me that he was fine with it, he wouldn't want to make me anxious with his Houston driving. Music off, no distractions. It's different hearing him quiet, since we usually call and he talks.  He brings up his cologne as the topic of conversation. It;s what he wants to institute as his signature scent. A $260 scent, but nonetheless it was a warm and fitting scent. We made it Copperbrook -- he couldn't use the bathroom or borrow a USB-C charger I didn't have. He made a joke about charging me (and I was going to pay him $20 for gas), which he immediately turned around and said "don't you dare send me me money". He wouldn't take my money in the end or else I couldn't ask him for favors anymore. So he drove the rest of his hour and a half round trip drive.
	- I guess he vibes with me enough to continue being friends with me, though I do feel like I am always getting more from him than the other way around. 
- Felt awkward breaking into Diamond's house after the fact -- it was a funny moment because I left my suitcase in the master room but left myself in the living room.
- All was good by the end of the day.