### task list
- [ ] *lectio divina
- [x] *pack work things*
- [x] *8am donuts*
- [x] *Foster work (8:30-* 6)
	- [x] *continue matrix*
	- [x] *send initiative report*
	- [x] *Write speaker notes*
	- [x] *Prepare for facilitator role
	- [ ] *TMDSAS essays (BC WE WANT TO GO TO TEXAS!! LILY, ETHAN, DIAMOND, STEPH, LOTS OF FRIENDS HERE)*
- [x] *Go home*
- [x] *Eat lunch? Sandwich if its just me (12-1pm)*
- [x] *CARE study design review meeting at 4PM*
- [x] *Noel comes by*
	- [ ] *Catch up?*
	- [ ] *Eat dumplings/pizza*
	- [ ] *Walk around (night walk?)*
- [ ] *Pack for Hoostin*
- [x]  *EOD: (10pm-12am)*
	- [x] *take shower*
	- [x] *skin routine*
	- [x] *brush teeth*
### 🌞 A good day for a good day:
🌻
- [x] to-do list
- [x] day plan
🌼
- [ ] reflect on day
- [ ] plan the next day
- [ ] reflect on life
	- [ ] open weekly notes
- [x] set alarms before sleep
### 📝 How was the day, whatchu thinking:

I have a few reservations about tonight.
	I want to help Noel while he is stressed and be a person he can confide in and get comfort from. At the same time,
	Everything will be OK if you:
	- are clear about your platonic feelings
	- are clear about boundaries + why (don't want to do anything to hurt Steph)
	(I do not want to be used to get over your ex or relieve your stress)
	The romantic undercurrents trouble me greatly. I would cuddle under different circumstances but it's not a good time.
"I want to be with Iris and want what's best for her"
	Echoes of I want to be WITH the flower girl. I want to be with you
	Last I heard she was trying to get over him bc of whatever happened with all his "red flags"?
I don't know ***why I'm so preoccupied with all these silly boy problems*** when I have ***my applications***❗❗
	The latest I should be turning in my TX app is August. And preferably now. After I get to Diamond's and camp out, I need to restrict myself and focus up.

---

I spent a lot of time begrudgingly getting through my intern work while getting distracted by b o y thoughts. 
	It got me freaked out enough working on my intern work that my apps were late and that I might not make it to medical school. But, we do the best we can and trust that God had a plan for me.
Lily wanted to know who I got tacos with and was making passes at me, but it really is sensitive information so I told her that I would tell it all to her later. We had our houses to clean, so after parting, I eventually calmed down enough by the time Noel was going to drop by. 
[[Noel]] came. 
	We caught up about our lives and started cooking a pizza, a meal for both of us, and ordered the new pizookie flavor. ER shock stories, ADHD, the current summer living situations. We hung out on the couch and loafed until the pizookies arrived. 
	By this point the edge was off, and my guard dropped back to a normal level. It was just like hanging out with a friend. For all the comments about my physical appearance and things to show me later, he was first and foremost my friend.
	He was always asking, "What do you want to do next?" So we took a walk around the neighborhood. It was time to reminisce about how we haven't hung out in a year and he told me about his own social awkwardness, especially one-on-one (even though he values that time greatly). There were long stretches without talking, some awkward hand-holding, and eventually a rhythm that had me leading him ahead, at least until we got to the main road towards the cemetery. Then we took the sidewalk together. I wanted to let him know he isn't a bother to talk to or have reached out to others. Not to me, least of all. Then I asked him, after a moment of hesitation, if he had anyone he would consider a best friend. I almost retracted it due to the breakup, but ended up letting the question stand. His best friend in Colorado, though they don't talk all the time. Joanne and Danielle, but its not the same. He used to say Re'elle, but things have changed in the past months and he doesn't know anymore. It feels a little lonely to not have that kind of best friend. This conversation opened into talking about Steph.
		And he has moved on. I gave him my full confidence, and he told me his side and how he said that the way she handled the break-up made it really difficult not to hate her. Between breaking no contact multiple times (it was like telling a child 'no') and bringing it into work, it stressed him out and didn't really allow him to move forward. Now, he tells me that it was too toxic in the end and he doesn't think they can hang out -- maybe that would have been possible if the break-up was handled better. He has totally moved on, and even if they were to get back together it would leave a bitter taste in his mouth. He still doesn't see a future with her, it's not secure.
	After telling me how it is (that's just life), we talked about the people we are talking to. He told a girl he always had a crush on that she would be the cutest nerd he has ever met. She confuses him though! Maybe when he gets back to Colorado he can connect with her. When I told him that it was Ethan who called me a cute nerd, he immediately opened with a warning to be careful with him, because he is flirty in his mannerisms... and he mentioned how he heard from Gayathri, who was over at his apt often, and even Re'elle... he said even ask Ethan Duong about him. It wasn't like I heard similar things from MiVi, regarding potential red flags. I answered how I usually do to rumors (thanks for letting me know), and Noel reiterated that it was so I wouldn't get hurt. He repeated his name with what sounded to me like disbelief, and asked me how I felt with the compliment. (He always starts with anime...). At the very least, we both agreed that if anyone hurt me that I have a stellar defense squad. Even with just Noel barreling at high speeds it would be a big impact. Then there would be Ethan coming up, Diamond with a beat-down, I could garner a lot of people to any man who came to hurt me. 
	We headed back and chatted the way back, took a shower, went to bed. "What do you want to do next?"
		We watched Kenneth and Ethan absolutely get rekt in a Soullocke, to a Excadrill using Swords Dance x2 and Earthquake. OHKO almost the entire team. It was a lot of fun getting to see them stream for the first time! It was like we were all together again.
	After we hung up, I informed Noel that I usually go to sleep a bit after midnight, so I'd probably sleep soon. Lights out, we watch RWBY trailers. 
		After that, he tells me he's grateful that he didn't lose me as a friend and we hug, which is like a cuddle, basically. 
		After that, he asks what I want to do, and I say I want to sleep. He asks if it's OK to kiss me? And we kiss a little -- and it apparently is so much better in technique than last time. How, he asks? If I haven't kissed anyone else since? (Visualization! Maybe it's the confidence.) You haven't kissed anyone else since? (No, I was going to ask To out.) So he asked if I wanted to practice kissing, in case I would need it if I asked him out.
	I started, and then stopped. I'm too sleepy to respond, I don't know about this.
		He took the work out of it for me and came down on my lips.
		Hands moving was a good thing I remembered from last time, and more bottom lip was his suggestion, but I did a better job following along than last time. I felt more natural. Moving a hand to the back of the head to be a little aggressive with it, cradling the face, feeling up the back and arms. He flipped to pin me down and kiss my neck, flipped on the side, and then flipped so I was down pushing on him. The French-kissing was still a little off (and toothy, I found out was a problem later), but he is a good teacher in telling me how and when to follow along. He went around in circles, half moons -- try to stay on top of it and follow along. My skin and lips are soft from my skin routine. He instructed how to escalate in hand placement and movement, with the ultimate goal towards the erogenous zones. He gives me a piece of advice! If I ever get down there, never squeeze the penis. It will freak the frick out of the guy. You can caress it, and move up and down it, but squeezing is a no-no. As for escalating, he shows-and-tells -- he sweeps across my collar and hitches my leg across his side. He moves my hand towards his chest and tells me to caress it, feel his body. I do, and I flicker across a sensitive area. 
	He says to keep following his lead, but I don't want to. I don't want to advance farther. Do you want to show me the big succ? No, I don't. It's a safe place, it is totally platonic. Yes, I understand, but I don't want to.
		So then we slow the roll, and I physically lean back to disengage. We go back to laying side-by-side. He gave me the evaluation on how I did, and said that we can practice again next time (that is on the assumption I am not dating anyone, bc I will NOT be doing this while I am dating). He hugged me, and I fell asleep like that with his head breathing above mine.
	Time to go to sleep.
		I don't know when I woke up or for how long, but it was still dark outside, and we were still cuddling. Noel was awake. I slowed down my breathing to pretend to sleep. He would occasionally kiss the corner of my mouth and readjust every once in a while. There was something else he did too -- he had a bulge. And he would take my hand and gently place it on top of it. It was an odd sensation to be feeling. If I revealed my waking status, it would probably advance straight into sex (which might have been the intention?) so I kept my breathing slow and just paid attention. To the curious firm feeling under my hand, or the pulls to hold me closer. Sometimes my hand would fall off and I would be left thinking, and sometimes he would grab his phone to check something. I didn't open my eyes. I made minimal movement, like a sentient ragdoll. At where I would assume his limit was, he placed my hand on the bulge