
Live the examined life! Life is worth living. 
At the end of that day to say I'm proud of what I did. *I'm proud of myself.

### task list
- [ ] KMJT meeting
- [ ] fam hang 3:30-5:30
- [ ] Lily 5:30 after!
### 📝 How was the day, whatchu thinking:

- Prefer to be loved by a few rather than acknowledged by all
	This may be the case. Now do I realize I have had opportunities to make connections but I wasn't really open and fully investing into it
		I can change my outlook going forward now?
	Most of my close friends are remote now! And the people I was really close to 2 months ago we have drifted from another, it seems. Not because we are not friends, but, because things change
	Shall I go with the route of ***unabashed affective interest***?

- What do you *want*?
	The things that keep recurring and bubbling at the surface you will follow and you will have those in your life
	I want to spend more time with my friends. I want to have more genuine moments with them. I want to make them feel appreciated. 
	Friday I want to work hard (finish app and policy prez), make my fam obligations, and then hang w Lily. We go eat! And then hang out! Maybe read and write!
	Saturday I want to attend the Farmer's Market with... maybe,, Jae? Hang out with Noel later?
	Sunday I go back to St. Peter's and maybe study with Teju/Aaku again

**Things that I wanted to do:**
- Stayed in bed (at least a part of me did. So I did)
- Sit where Trisha used to sit
- Pick up Diamond's shirt
- Talk a little bit to those people in the office
- Tell them they are funny!!
- Text corona
- Go to Sam's club
- Cook potato soup with Diamond
**Things that I was resisting but benefitted me:**
- Get over my self-pity moment
- Finishing today's rosary
**Things that I made better:
- Leaving the house
**Things I didn't do but I was grateful for:**
- Mahita called. I didn't behave ideally, but I know she will move beyond this and I will, too.
- Justin also called. He explained the assignment to me and I worked on it on campus

---

I am GOING to go at 4 o clock to help make deco with Howl fam
I just feel a little bit afraid because...... it's a new scene.

But new things aren't to be afraid of. 
It's going to be alright, and you might find it's very enjoyable for you! 
You are invited, so you belong there.



---

I'm seeing my needs and it makes me feel vulnerable. And scared.

I am 

