
Live the examined life! Life is worth living. 
At the end of that day to say I'm proud of what I did. *I'm proud of myself.

### task list
- [x] journal
- [x] prayer
- [x] hybcal
- [x] interview prep
- [x] breakfast
- [x] practice responses
- [x] go on a walk
- [x] record interview
- [x] text noel
- [x] free farmers market
- [x] study!!! (1:45-4:15)
	- [ ] policy HW
	- [ ] brainstorm epi/gis ideas that are applicable to me!
	- [x] secondaries
- [x] go home
- [x] moody w melana
### 📝 How was the day, whatchu thinking:
##### Things I was thinking recently:
Things that we do sway our probability one way or another
Things outside our control also sway our probability one way or another

Follow your piques and wherever they go
Doing them and they didn’t go anywhere. Just doing them, enjoying the process

I love talking to people about things that they love ([[Luis]])
##### Yesterday was a good ass day ngl
Feeling the tension between doing things that I want to do (and do them) and doing things I don't want to do (but they are valuable, so I do them)
	**Things I did that I wanted to:**
	- cooked figgy oats
	- texted Noel
	- studied in HHPR area in the seat I wanted to
	- participate in class
	- waited for Jae after class
	- downloaded IG to see stories
	- went on a night walk
	- talked to Steph!! From like 7:30-midnight
	**Things that I didn't want to do but benefitted me:**
	- Left the house even though I wanted to lie down
	- I didn't want to particularly talk to anyone so I went on a walk on my break and had some thoughts. Ran into Aaku on the way up and we chatted, it was nice and also I got a chicken nugget
	**Things that I made better:**
	- Leading discussion on the walk in the woods. I had the semblance of building rapport with Matthew and Tessa, it was better this time
	- Delivering alc to my youngers; it was very nice getting to see Emily and Melana, and chat them up. I CAN be in Howl fam huh

###### Attachment and Emotion
- I could live with less attachments and replace my need to share joy with dopamine, my boredom/loneliness with walks
- But I would miss out on loving others -- which is why I am here, it's my mission
Deciding to be attached. For example, to Lily. Or Ethan.
- I have a strong affinity to this person. I like them a lot! 
- Think too much in a way that:
	Makes me want to attach less for my sake
	Makes me want to attach less for your sake
- DO I trust you? WILL I choose you?
- On the principle of "doing what I want..." I want to still get to know you and enjoy our relationship
	Specificity of relationships. Show compassion to all, but only a limited amount at one time to enjoy the love of walking together in joys and sorrows. i think that´s what God intended
	Some things are worth hard work

