Ofc there's a whole separate note on just this, that you might find hope within the personal accs you participate in, too. The in-house knowledge is actually just that the biggest thing to nerd about is just ---

There's lots to be said on the Heart of Jesus and his mercy.

The people who have given up on God or have a frightening view of who He is. They steer clear of Jesus. They avoid him, they fear, they are cold towards him. All these barbs, and Jesus does not give up on them. His Heart moves with compassion for them and he acts to bridge and heal, even incognito mode through those like you or me. 

When I think about people who anguish to approach God or suffer to walk ahead of Jesus or make hoops for themselves to jump thru, instead of walking with him and being his true friend (which is of his singular desire), I remember myself. And, I remember you. It happens that resolving dead horse dilemma was closely linked to deeper understanding the merciful character of God and how to receive Him more fully. I was very driven to address that internal/interpersonal problem, and because Jesus is a wise teacher, he turned it into a dually-incredible learning opportunity. In coming to Him face to face as I was, I learned to approach you, and the same manner in which I received you better I could also receive God. The process was pain, and you already know that it felt unbearable for me to remember the past at some point. But to reflect on the trajectory of our relationship and each with God, I can only smile to think of past memories. I didn't remember that I had in part shown you who God was over enchiladas until you mentioned it, so. It's a delight and gift to know that we have been Christ to each other. That God, in all things to the smallest stories, continues to pull a greater good out of brokenness; seeing it firsthand again and again, how could you not be hopeful for His plans, and wonder at the way Christ uniquely manifests and shines through our individuality? To speak of my particular gratitude for you: I have always appreciated the intentional spaces you create, and the warmth with which you call in others and are present. Ethan! Here is a proper thank you, in full heart and clarity of mind, for being my faithful friend.

And: there are probably as many months where we were mutually true and connected as those we were not. As well, it's tiring for all things to be heavy lessons and deep insightful time so like, I look forward to the eventual day where its just like eating Cheetos over a TV show, or dimsum again, but family-style among a raucous and loving community of friends. [further send offs]

Lots of love,
