Yesterday my mom turned 57. It struck me then that I had not consciously noticed that she was ever in her 40s. I started doing the math out loud, how old was I seven years ago? Unfortunately for my parents' investment into bringing me to Disney World (more than once), my memories before I was 16 are sparse. A much more efficient purchase was the $5 spent for the first paper journal gifted to me in 2009, after which I became a chronicler of my life and experiences. In lines and lines of bound pages and endless planners and text messages and the notes app lie daily accomplishment, shared histories, my childhood as I know it into coming of age. In writing, I have past self to recall.
More than memories, it takes intentionality for my brain to retain anything at all. I was 16 years old when I figured that things like personal relationships were important, with the subsequent decision that there were certain things I *must* make a point to remember. It was a wonder to my parents then, on one Christmas when I asked them the names of these titas and titos I grew up with my whole life. "Say hi to Mr. *szchzezzjwz*, he donated to your shave campaign!" *Really? Good to know.* A reassurance to my lovely people, if I reference the past to you then you know I was paying careful attention. (My childhood buddies, I do not know you but I wish you only good things.) I keep calendars and notetaking systems and task lists and scribe every concept of a lecture, because if it isn't captured in words, it doesn't exist. And I have doctor aspirations, darn it! By writing, I can have a life that functions. 
To me, all the world is like wind passing by. Wouldn't you also want to capture what the wind feels like, and to remember? And tell stories to other people? To learn, and teach? I understand that others remember the movies they watch and can tell you about multiseason shows in detail. They teach back to me a money management concept from a YouTube video they watched when they were 12. In contrast, I understand myself to be at the extreme end of the sentiment that "people won't remember what you did, but how you made them feel"-- but you can only talk about your feelings about a thing for so long before you hit the gap of why and what makes that thing so impactful. Writing is the way I take in the world and make sense of it, in the way that others do subconsciously. I write to have a life to share with others.