
Live the examined life! Life is worth living. 
At the end of that day to say I'm proud of what I did. *I'm proud of myself.

### task list
- [x] night write
- [x] pray
- [ ] write until Diamond leaves
- [x] *go back to sleep* 
- [ ] community garden! (9-11am)
- [x] talk to Luis (8-10)
- [x] *clean (10-12)*
- [x] text friends back
- [x] Loyola secondary
- [x] lunch
- [x] clean rest of house (1-2:30)
- [x] sleep (2:30-3)
- [x] decide what secondaries to finish before Dabin
- [x] ~4-5 go to confession
- [ ] Work on school stuff?
	- [ ] Dr. Y tasks
	- [ ] Dr. J task
	- [ ] Dr Y assignment 2/8 (find new topic and weights, stuff to start new topic)
	- [ ] lunch
- [x] run and read manga
- [x] pull out a cookbook?
- [ ] journal
	- [ ] what would be my metric for living life right?
	- [ ] can I commit to telling the truth?
### 📝 how was the day, whatchu thinking:

Fill life with more positive things. It's our choice to live an intentionally positive day.
- Glad for letting my buddies be a part of my life.
- Positive in the sense I pushed through to finish most of an essay but at this point I have to figure out what to let go of
### eval
**Things that I wanted to do:**
- call Luis
- have Diamond over to cook and sleepover
**Things that I was resisting but benefitted me:**
- going to Clothesline bc of my work -- so I worked and then went
- was afraid of visiting Angel, but knew I could handle it
**Things I would do different next time:**
- 
**Things that I made better:
- call Trisha (I was thinking a lot, so I called my friends)
**Things I didn't do but I was grateful for:**
- Matt and Gabbi greeted me! I was a little nervous, but Matt is inviting in his manners and Gabbi is herself 


