
Live the examined life! Life is worth living. 
At the end of that day to say I'm proud of what I did. *I'm proud of myself.

### task list
- [ ] 
### 🌞 A good day for a good day:
🌻
- [ ] to-do list/day plan
🌼
- [ ] reflect on day
- [ ] plan the next day
- [ ] reflect on life
	- [ ] open weekly notes
- [ ] set alarms before sleep
### 📝 How was the day, whatchu thinking:

The intention for today is to be calm, comfortable, and open.
	This is a friend(!!!) who is making time to see you(!!!) so ACT like it and treat him like a human being

I talked to my human being friend today,
and that's that!

On talking to him in public spaces:

We have been talking for maybe a year, we are close right? I'm still up to date, right??
- He thought this was very funny, of course we are
- If he says it, and I say it is so, then it is so. It's chill
- Even with my close friends I was worried about hosting them "oh my God we drove 3 hours from Houston for this"
- (This is the most Jaime concerns/thought process he's heard)
- Does it bother you...

"If I can't talk to him in public, then I can't talk to him ever"
- He has a "content creator" personality in public, but on the day-to-day he is in quiet, intimate spaces like this
	So it makes sense that I feel more reserved around that

On the crush:
(I get the impression that he has turned down many girls. It helps that he confirmed it-- guys too!)
He is interested in another girl (one he barely knows, let's see how it goes) and he's just trying to focus on school right now--
It's a good thing I told him, cuz that means I will find someone better, someone who is a better match. That means you'll find something like what we had, but it will be better. (it doesn't have to be med school, you might find that anytime)
I'm not a good fit for you
He is sorry that he doesn't return my feelings and he can't accommodate me in that way.

I still want to be friends with you, I still care about you a lot and love you.
If you want to hang out or study, let me know. If I have the time and space. I will make time.
Just communicate. If you need to stop contacting me for a week, take the week and come back and say, hey I feel really shy about talking again. Just communicate. It's not that deep.
I know myself and that I can communicate, I just want to tell you and be there to accommodate me how I can.
Don't doubt our friendship. And stop being stupid.
We're not meant to go through things alone, but a lot of us try. We're meant to be there for each other. Like God intended.
