
Live the examined life! Life is worth living. 
At the end of that day to say I'm proud of what I did. *I'm proud of myself.

### task list
- [x] I'm proud of myself
- [ ] Prayer time: Read Mass reading
- [ ] Shower
- [ ] Prayer time cont. (50 mins)
	- [ ] Homily
	- [ ] Rosary number 1!
	- [ ] Journal
- [ ] Mass w Ethan
- [ ] Eat lunch
- [ ] Rest/Study
	- [ ] Spatial reading
	- [ ] Assignment #2
	- [ ] Leadership readings
	- [ ] Policy summary
	- [ ] Work ahead?
- [ ] Rock climb
- [ ] Dinner!
- [ ] Buddae Jiggae
- [ ] Pokemon
- [ ] Reflect EOD
### 🌞 A good day for a good day:
🌻
- [x] to-do list
- [x] day plan
🌼
- [ ] reflect on day
- [ ] plan the next day
- [ ] reflect on life
	- [ ] open weekly notes
- [ ] set alarms before sleep
### 📝 How was the day, whatchu thinking:

He asked me if I felt uncomfortable with him being quiet.


"nonjudgmental space" -- I was so worried about being too quiet and not contributing, comparing, I am the only one who was judging myself in that space.
- Everyone had a good time and they were good with me being there
- I was the only one who was thinking I wasn't enough for that space.


He offered his bed so I didn't have to sleep on the couch. I took a nap there and it was very soft. Felt like a snapshot. I would probably have gone back to sleep there, but since he was hosting the VSA officer meeting he suggested I drive back home. 

(There was no scenario where I thought you would dislike me, but I will admit to insecurities. "No one likes someone who is sad all the time", self-fulfilling prophecy like if I tell you the negative things my brain feeds me you might believe them too. Self-conscious. Desire to hide-- that no one else is conscious of it. )

More open about how we feel about each other.

How relationships benefit another: How Kelly changed and was happier after meeting My, or, after getting to know Jessica better and hanging out with both of them more, realizing all that Josh has been doing for Jessica.

There's a lot I don't know and I am learning, and I want the best for you. All I can offer is "me", though I will tell you that I would choose you if you would have me. 

---

- (Oh, to have a gorgeous nerd of a love interest)
- A side note: Besides the feelings of safety, fondness, and trust in him and his thoughtful behavioral tendencies, I think physical attraction is no doubt there, he is so beautiful !! He's strong and he knows he's attractive enough to pull and I feel like if I kissed him I would probably die. Instant KO it's so over. What if we cuddled while we watched shows. Or like took a couple nap. I would simply die.
- 





