
Live the examined life! Life is worth living. 
At the end of that day to say I'm proud of what I did. *I'm proud of myself.

### task list
- [ ] 
### ðŸŒž A good day for a good day:
ðŸŒ»
- [ ] to-do list/day plan
ðŸŒ¼
- [ ] reflect on day
- [ ] plan the next day
- [ ] reflect on life
	- [ ] open weekly notes
- [ ] set alarms before sleep
### ðŸ“ How was the day, whatchu thinking:

##### Confidence is the natural state of being
- Failure doesn't make us lose confidence
	Our beliefs surrounding ourselves do. These are things that are taught (What is learned? Nothing I do will never be enough, I am fundamentally broken, making mistakes means I am incompetent). 
	What's the difference between them and you? One of them was gaslit into believing they are not enough, and one of them was supported in their faliures.
		Attitudes and beliefs ==> outcomes
- Self-esteem is a reflection of the esteem other people give you.
	Self esteem is taught, not discovered
\
##### How to filter your beliefs
Notice the impact of emotion on your thought process. *The mannas*
	If you are not noticing emotion, then you are not thinking clearly.
	- (I'll be alone for the rest of my life This is TRUTH! This is objective, I have evidence -- that's not an emotion) 
	- (I'm feeling a little hopeless, I've been trying this for a long time and I'm not getting anywhere -- how is this shaping my thought process)
	- (I'm feeling a little more hopeless --> things are not quite as bad as I percieve --> let's give it 24 hours and try again)
	- (YOLO == desperation for a life change, fast)
- Once you notice what you are feeling, then it changes the power it has over you.
	Acknowledge emotion to you notice the impact it has on you
Insight into your own ego. *The ankharana*
- (Why am I insulting this person? Why am I avoiding this friend? It's because I feel inferior to them. They feel so ahead of me, and I don't like that feeling. My ego feels bruised)
- Anytime your mind makes a comparison == that's an action of **ego**.
	- Pump up, put yourself down, that's ego
	- Do I feel inferior? Superior?
	- Anything that is "I am" is ego
- Avoiding things because you see someone doing it better than you -- "I can't do it vs I can't do it as well as them"

---

I gaslit myself into all my insecurities, and I've been doing it for like 10 years!
	It wasn't that I didn't have a supportive family, but they didn't know that I stopped socializing
		I was never asked how my social supports were, and no one was aware that I was feeling isolated. But my esteem took a hit and I'm still in the process of building back my confidence
Gaslighting looks like...
- No one likes to be around a sad person
- Eventually my friends will get bored of me, I don't have what everyone else has
- If you know me deep enough, you will learn that there isn't much going on with me
- I am very self-conscious, I don't want you to be conscious of the things I am conscious of or else you will see there is something fundamentally wrong with me