
Your life is worth the world, *all glory be*.
At the end of that day I want to say I gave from my heart.

### 📝 how was the day, whatchu thinking:

The problem I have relating with others is a mirror to how I relate to God.

With God, I don't need to convince Him to love me, to rescue me, to see and fight for me. The love is already there; I would need only to sit still. Let myself be found. Let Him take me upon my shoulders and carry me home. Let myself be loved by Him.

What do you do when you get lost and separated from the group? I am the sheep that wandered off by myself.

How weak I am! I have awkward mannerisms, shy to others, weak in conviction and will, prone to anxiety and panic, reticent to change, inefficient in action, uncritical to fault. 

God has begun a good work in me anyway and draws me to Himself. I know that is true. I know He loves me and I am learning to trust and draw close in return.

I know others love me too, yet I feel a burning shame that they come face-to-face and see me as I am.
	What would happen if they saw me? What do I fear?
		I still crave respect and admiration, as it is. 
		You can "fail" to come to God, and that is the end.
		Actions and words have consequences you cannot go back to, that is a reality.
To act with the intent of *acting in love* is something I can do *in the midst of my weakness*. That is not only something I CAN do, but I AM CALLED to do. Even if I fail to deliver to others. 

My life is a bit of a catastrophe and I see that I have done wrong by my group members. I must prepare NOW and do as much as I can by them. With God, here and now, He can turn it in to a eucatastrophe. I need only to let Him work.