## Project:

**Vision**: *To become a saint, a great saint.*
**Mission**: by caring for myself with principles of whole health, I will be better equipped to take on the next stage of life's challenges and love others more wholly.  

Statement of Need:

#### Goals 
**Goal 1:** Cultivate a mindset supportive of a fulfilling life.
	A.  
**Goal 2:** Greater understanding of myself and methods for understanding others.
	A. Practice thinking on a deeper level and gain mastery at learning and retaining information.
		Obj 1: By the midpoint and end of the project, I will have spent 60 minutes per week curating my insights.
		Obj 2: I will have performed 20 teachbacks by the end of this project.   
	B. To effectively listen and express myself in regular conversations.
		Obj 3: Listening log? I will 
		Obj 4: Objective test measures
	C. Engage in the world creatively by myself and with others.
		Obj 5: Hobbies
		Obj 6: Taking opportunities to connect with others
		 
**Goal 3:** To otherwise practice habits for a foundation of overall well-being.
	A. Practice thoughtful financial decisions.
		Obj 1: By the end of May, I will have made my 2025 contribution to my retirement fund.
		Obj 2: By the project's midpoint (early Apr), the balance of my discretionary buckets will be positive, and will have allotted 10% to worthy causes.
	B. Practice preventative self-care.
		Obj 3: In preparation for the Bearathon, I will have been running 3 times a week over the next three months with 70% completion.
		Obj 4: Over the duration of the project, I will have eaten fruit with at least one of my meals with 70% completion.  
		Obj 5: My 4-week sleep score average will be higher than it is now (47 pts) in 4 of the 5 months.
		Obj 6: Over the duration of the school semester, I will have worn sunscreen daily with 90% completion.

GOALS:

- Cultivate supportive/holy/optimistic mindset
	- Emotional health
	- gratitude, presence, inspiration




- Categories:
	- Spiritual health
		- Gratitude -- *cultivating gratitude*
			- Conversational gratitude (ex. high/lows over week, single a person out everyday to thank them sincerely for being a gift)
			- Interior gratitude (["attitude of the heart"](https://denvercatholic.org/one-daily-practice-can-transform-spiritually-mentally/)): understanding all that we receive, good and bad, with gratitude. Every surprise a gift, letting love move our hearts and truly receiving what is happening. Receiving what we need with joy.
				- there is good in what we are receiving and the fact that we are receiving
				- one step futher: why we're given gifts
				- Practice: start/end of day, [[examen prayer]]
				- Practice: Vivek's heart practice
			- Eucharistic gratitude: offer gratitude to God at each and every sacrifice of the Mass.
		- Being present (to others)
			- Meditation
			- Listen (read/practice NVC)
		- Inspired to live
			- external
				- personal experience
				- Role models/reading bios
					- admirable people: Hotez, Farmer, Robert Caro, The Autobiography of Malcom X, check library 
					- saints: Little Flower, Fulton Sheen, Chinese martyrs, Confessions
				- in the world
					- [Awe Outing](https://ggia.berkeley.edu/practice/awe_walk)
				- media/art/creativity (poetry, theatre. art, music, literature)
				- conversations about beautiful things
				- mentors, people doing what I want to do
			- internal 
				- visioning [best possible self](https://ggia.berkeley.edu/practice/best_possible_self)
		- Meditation
			- HGG
		- Prayer
			- Lectio Divina
			- BIAY
			- Eucharistic Adoration
			- Daily Mass
	- Emotional health
		-  self-compassion
			- Seeing self like God sees me / loving neighbor *as myself*
			- DBT-restructuring events (not beating self up)
				- [Practice with letter](https://ggia.berkeley.edu/practice/self_compassionate_letter)
			- Recognize that it is a difficult time and it's OK
			- positive reinforcements
			- "proud of you"
			- 10 things I like about myself
			- Gabor Mate Compassionate Inquiry
				- [Read](https://www.reddit.com/r/CPTSDNextSteps/comments/jey24c/i_did_a_gabor_matestyle_compassionate_inquiry/)
				- Find on YT
		- Values 
			- Baseline: think about values
			- 3 month: am I living up to my values
				- Jan 7, Mar 30, June 25
			- Honesty
				- honesty check-in
			- [Using my strengths](https://ggia.berkeley.edu/practice/use_your_strengths)
		- Positivity
			- Gratitude
			- Optimism
			- Challenging negative thoughts (CBT)
				- [Practice](https://ggia.berkeley.edu/practice/finding_silver_linings)
	- Intellectual health
		- Art? Creativity? Hobbies
			- Crochet (Jan 22-Feb 26)
			- Baking/cooking (Feb 26-Apr 2)
			- digital drawing (Jan 7-21, May 8-Jun 25)
			- learn guitar (Apr 2-May 7)
		- Learning, reading, curiosity
			- Learn how to teach others (learn better)
			- Teach XX concepts to people X times a week
			- Explain to MOM things I learn about health
	- Physical health
		- Running
		- Sleep
		- Buy/eat fruit
	- Social health
		- Intentionality
			- Events with friends
			- spend time with loved ones
			- calls/checkups
				- "Tell me about..." [something good](https://ggia.berkeley.edu/practice/capitalizing_on_positive_events) that happened to you today
					- "You seem {feeling} about {observation}, tell me more"
		- Join support group to learn how to interact with people, get feedback for confidence?
		- Give back -- volunteer/donate/advocate
			- hospice? MW? Community health fairs? Talitha Koum?
	- Professional development
		- Contacts
			- Burritt Hess (at the new Central Building! Talked for Korteweg's class)
			- Josh Caballero
			- Carrie Kroll
			- Stephanie Boddie
			- Joanne Cummings
			- Hugh Riley
			- Dr. Wang
		- Academic
			- Be on top of work
			- Capstone
		- Career development
			- TBD whether in med school or not
		- Research/civic issues/advocacy
		- time management/organization :D
			- daily task lists
	- Financial health
		- Money/assets -- budget

Objectives:

Gantt chart

Intervention components:
- Healthy Gamer Guide


Logic model:
	Inputs, activities, outputs
	Outcomes

Evaluation:
- Process (monthly check-ups):
- Impact:
- Outcomes:

END: June 25 (halfway through the year)
