


I want to live. At the end of that day to say I'm proud of what I did. *I'm proud of myself.



### task list
- [x] get dressed
- [x] eat brekky
- [x] heat up lunch
- [x] SAS class
- [x] Spatial data class
- [x] (7pm) go home and get ready
	- [x] eat 
	- [ ] shower
- [ ] study casper
- [x] tadhana (9pm)
### 🌞 A good day for a good day:
🌻
- [x] to-do list
- [x] day plan
🌼
- [ ] reflect on day
- [ ] plan the next day
- [ ] reflect on life
	- [ ] open weekly notes
- [ ] set alarms before sleep
### 📝 How was the day, whatchu thinking:

##### Reflect on yesterday:
I moped all over the place except IN-PERSON, wonderful.
	I think what would be a better use of time is that if I don't feel like talking about it, than I rather be distracted. I don't tell Diamond or Isabel about my problems and I still feel tired and sucky, but I feel better because I am enjoying my time with them. It's hard for me to enjoy my time when I am whirling in all my destructive thoughts.
He is tired, like physically and mentally it seems. Fell asleep during Mass. He made a joke when I squished his hand and I gave him an awkward side hug. It's one of those times where it was difficult to face him head-on so I didn't.
We ate at the church and he probed me on my 20 minute depression episode and how I am doing, if I am doing better this week.
	"I can do things and I don't suck"
	"If I can't do things that I really want to do, that means I am inept. In some situations it is hard to be myself, I cannot express myself"
On the car ride back I expressed how much it sucked to feel left out by my close friend and be very aware that you are the second choice and physically not feel like you belong.
	He (and his brother) relate and talked about this, the solution he came up with is that you can't have a 100% connection with everyone and fully invest yourself into all, especially into those who don't invest into you back. It's very cringe to invite yourself to functions or ask people if you can come too LOL. So the moral of the story is to invest in people who invest in you.
	He relates to having to re-evaluate that connection with close friends too.
"Call me if you need help, OK?"

After that he texted me saying I can come over and study if I wanted to. So I did! It was very good for me, and I'm glad I can help him too.

(I know I am worth it.)
If he is doing even just this, he must think I am worth it, too.
I think he is worth it.
### 🤚Votes of confidence:

#### Social caring person

#### Trustworthy person

#### Beloved person
