### task list
- [x] TMDSAS 9:30-12:30
- [x] Lunch
- [x] Gulfton report (3)
- [x] Call Lily!
- [ ] Kate (5)
- [x] FSA social
- [x] Hwachae
- [x] Laundry
- [ ] Leadership
### ðŸŒž A good day for a good day:
ðŸŒ»
- [x] to-do list
- [x] day plan
ðŸŒ¼
- [ ] reflect on day
- [ ] plan the next day
- [ ] reflect on life
	- [ ] open weekly notes
- [ ] set alarms before sleep
### ðŸ“ How was the day, whatchu thinking:

Lord, 
I am feeling a lot of wheming guilt, shame, embarassment, and such.
All we can do is move forward. I would like to move forward and UP, though, you know?

I texted on a whim and pushed forward
I did exactly as I wanted -- I didn't get the result I intended, but I should be proud of myself for trying. 
Anyhow, I ought to take a page from Luis -- it's out of my control and not to be brought up again. We keep going forward.

I don't like seeing myself. *why?* 
It doesn't make sense that you wouldn't like yourself, and you may be paying attention to the most negative parts of yourself and painting yourself in the least attractive light possible. Why? 
I think the more I dig the worse I will feel -- BUT, it may lead to the root of my pain.

I have a tendency to beat myself up and ascribe negative adjectives to my identity. I compare myself to others -- why can't I be more like them? How do I become confident like Luis? To think about not looking back? Or like MiVi? She is herself, all the time. How do I become the 'me' that I do like, and feel like I can accomplish the things I want? How do I get into that state of being? 

It feels like a lot. To be honest with you.

It can be broken down, I know it can. I can break it down. I can grow to become these things and build a trajectory to a person I can be proud of. Lord, can you guide me too? I feel so sad.

I can do all that you want me to do, Lord. Help me to do good work today. There's a whole mess of a person behind me, and you love even that. I love her too -- I care for her, invest in her success, and keep her well the best that I can. 

I am a pretty awesome person! Even given all my flaws -- my anxious high-strung bearings and tendencies towards destruction. If you need any votes of confidence to how social, trustworthy, and beloved you are, take a look at the wall. Take a look at the record. Are you not an accomplished MPH student in research? A graduated girlie in 3 years? You have been even considering yourself a "social" person for 8 years. Even so, not being social didn't stop you from becoming an MSO or GHSN officer? Or from getting to know others in Crochet Club or the mission trip? You have incredible drive to live in there.
Of course you can always do better. You can reach more people genuinely and put yourself out there, become more internally consistent to match and even exceed your output, and love yourself more dearly, entrusting your life to the one who loves you beyond telling. But as you are, who you are RIGHT NOW, you are someone to be proud of. A beautiful work of art almost 23 years in the making.

And I can engage people! I know I can. Use your eyes. Steady breath. People are open (it's a social). My goal is to engage one person in a meaningful discussion and introduce myself to 3-5 people.

I intend to share the world with others.
Goal: 1 meaningful discussion and introduce myself to 3-5 people
Process; breathe, take it slow, use your eyes, circulate the room (slowly!) and find people who are open to socializing
### ðŸ¤šVotes of confidence:

#### Social caring person
*When she goes to the social later, she will catch up with others! She can make a round and talk to the people that she can recognize, and anyone who approaches her she is curious about their life.*
> It'll be a lot like the MPH gathering, if that helps. And you did so well at that :)
- Found MiVi and we accompanied each other
- Called Steph -- we had a pleasant catch-up. She said "who wouldn't love talking to Jaime?" 
#### Trustworthy person
*She can work and be a reliable student. She can feed and wash her own clothes! For her research mentors she does her work.*
- She sent in her worklog and work to her supervisors relatively on time.
- Got out of bed this morning after little hesitation.
#### Beloved person
*Do you remember who you are? You are surrounded by so much love. The people you miss, you miss because they are close to you. Remember that you are safe and your power to bring joy to others. Just relax.*
- She said hi to God and the cat this morning
