
Aug 4-8: Waco
Aug 9-11(?): Houston
- Aug 10, Sat: hang with Diamond
- Maybe drive back with Diamond on 11th for her exam
	- If not, can stay until the 17th ([[2024-W33]]) for commencement
	- Houston things: 
		- visit Luis
		- hang with Diamond
		- hang with Ethan
		- check w/ Emily
		- text Eyram

### Tasks
❗
- [x] email to register for classes
- [x] register for classes
- [x] apply for IL schools
- [x] email Kate for eval letter
Floating tasks:
1️⃣
- [ ] TMDSAS app submission
- [ ] 🛑 Email back Stephanie Torres after TMDAS 
- [ ] fill out secondaries
2️⃣
- [ ] Manuscript follow-up (emailed: 7/24)
- [ ] Update Box article, visualizations (7/20)
- [ ] track spending
3️⃣
- [ ] Visit HR with I-9 form

## Reflections

MON:
1
I don't want to fall back into my old screen habits.

Instead of jumping to my easy readings or lying down and Spotify napping when I get itchy from work, I should...
*recognize the discomfort and let it pass.*

2
	Drawing a line.
I don't prefer any romantic subtext between me and my dear friend, so I want to *be firm in*:
1. not being the go-between between them, and provide either of them information that isn't available to them by other means. I will encourage only that they should talk.
2. being clear that there is no future for us "like that".
3. they are both my dear friends and I would not do anything that would cause the other pain.

3
I feel better already that I am doing this reflection page. 		***Am I a better person than I was at the start of the week?***
Right now I feel like I am slipping in character, and stagnating in my roles (intern, student, friend, etc) to others. 

TUES (WED):
1 
	Most of my time today was spent on Messages. Worth it usually, but it might be worth considering to stop dwelling on old messages and other stuff past. In order to secure a good future, yk?
2
	Perhaps it is also that I haven't texted him in this way in a long time, esp not with the context that he is actively moving on to become single. I would say that he gives me strong kuya energy and I won't want it any other way.
3
	Something that helps with the stagnation is seeing other people ([[talking to a friend]]) and going outside. Seeing Steph yesterday (buying sandwiches) and Lily today (catch up after a long time) motivated me.

WED - SUN (SUN - END OF WEEK REFL.):
4
	(8/6) I was thinking about how I, in general and at our best, are very open with each other.
	Today I have been thinking about how right _now_, we are less connected than we have been. There isn't nothing I can do, though. It might be a good time to call him?
	(+) I have told 2 people, out loud, that I am thinking about how I would ask him out. I might be getting ahead of myself. This is something I might have to grab by the reins if I want to have him in my life.
	(+) what do I want?
		With him, I want to be with him. I want to hang out. I want to be the people that we are when we are comfortable with each other.
5
	I should check on Lily -- she's been in a rough spot, so maybe just come in 