Aug 11-12: Waco
Aug 13-15: Houston
Aug 16: Drive to Waco 
Aug 17: Graduation
(FRIDAY) Aug 20: Poster sent to Dr. Lanning for review

---
## Week in review:

I spent my last few days in Houston trying my best at my internship and then goofing around with Diamond.

It's harder to say what I did in the days after, since I fell off my habits. I lost a lot of the structures and cues I brought up in Houston, so I wasn't craving to do anything. I did literally nothing for long stretches of time.

I got back into Waco on the morning of the 16th. Friday. Since then, I have been in rest and recovery mode.

Saturday.  
Via's graduation. Lunch with her family and Mahita.
A period of free fall.
	I read Laika.
	Responded to all my texts. Made a task list. (Didn't open it again -- it is still valuable to do.)
A period of nothing. 
	What is *something* I rather do? I knew I should work (but would not, a moot point). 2 things I identified: read Nonviolent Communications, especially since it was a "limited experience" -- AKA, the book Steph left while she went to work, -- and to call Ethan. 
Something.
	Ethan texts back, and we talk for a bit until Steph comes home.
Alive.
	Steph shares some of what she has learned in thinking more *positively*, and how she is becoming a new person. It excites me.
Event. Free fall. Nothing. Something. Living again.

>The early hours of Monday. 
Event. Free fall. Rot. Living again.

How much longer can we keep up this cycle?

> Things that impressed upon me that Friday:
- Steph's vision for who she wants to be
- Steph's habit formation -- specifically, how she rewires her thinking with positivity
	Making her habits tangible in some way, using her journaling as a form to keeping it together.
	Scaffolding to existing habits.
	Reflecting on my own losses and shortcomings and *making a plan* to get over it. Not even just losses -- what do you want? What is there to gain? Becoming who you want to be.
---
## Floating tasks:
- [x] Practicum FInal Eval at link
- [x] Practicum self eval at link
- [ ] Practicum ePortfolio and draft poster
1️⃣
- [ ] Make Mahita's bday gift
- [ ] TMDSAS app submission
- [ ] 🛑 Email back Stephanie Torres after TMDAS 
- [ ] fill out secondaries
2️⃣
- [ ] Manuscript follow-up (emailed: 7/24)
- [ ] Update Box article, visualizations (7/20)
- [ ] track spending
3️⃣
- [ ] Visit HR with I-9 form

- [ ] Open [[Current WIPs]]
- [ ] [[Daily Examen]]

Dump thoughts from the day:
- I wish I didn't buy Andy's because I felt like I had to. Now I am feeling how tight money can be.
- I should budget