### to-do
- [x] text mattie
- [x] wake up + text mattie a time
- [ ] class
- [ ] lunch
- [ ] apps (1-3)
- [ ] poetry (3-4)
- [ ] dinner
#### writing task list
- [ ] mental prep
- [ ] answer question simply
- [ ] write outline for story
- [ ] flesh out narrative
- [ ] edit and revise
- [ ] celebrate!
### notes
6/25
WRITING A GOOD STORY
(Kallaway)
- Context/conflict, "dance"
- rhythm
- tone (conversational)
- last thing they hear
	- last, first, stuff in the middle
- story lense: unique fingerprint on a situation (lesser common lense)
- the hook: 
	- punchy and indicative, definitive
(TED)
- Interesting, short
- Question, Conflict, Answer

6/26
Examen
- I told my sister that I look forward to every day, because I do feel that every day is a gift. Even when it's a hard kidney stone to pass.
- limited ability, but still moving forward and trusting that we will figure this out
- 

6/24
- I'm so grateful to God that He aligned both mine and Ethan's desires to express (with writing) and need for community. I'm glad he had come in with the energy to pull it together and make a really awesome place for writing nerds.
	- something else that sticks with me is that, back in the day, I had really felt convinced that I was burdening Ethan with my presence. When I would say, I appreciate you so much and you have done so much for me, he would say it back. Though I couldn't really comprehend what I had done for him. Now I can see clearer that God let me play into his story. Seeing him passionate as he is, I am glad I can show him a thing or two about medicine and God. I'm grateful that this community kicked off.
	- I appreciate that he has always been a faithful friend. Always listened. Always made time. Always kept his word. I was able to understand better how God loves me through our friendship and falling out. I know God has great things planned for him, and he has the heart to seek God's will. He's something else. 
- It makes me want to fall in with God. And if these apps are what I have to do, then I will offer those up. This is my suffering, this is my cross, and I can do it because my strength is in You. I trust You.
- This is the least scary environment to jump into. (For my own peace, I will not check who is in there when I am not free to chat.)

Examen
- the retreat I needed
- inspired to learn and plan
- (didn't execute)
- and falling into God and company
- Trisha, vc, Ethan, Mattie, Luis
- boundaries. Don't want to treat my friend without charity
- So happy. 
- (humility)
- have no bitterness at all. (I think about how happy I was whenever a new friend joined on, and the atmosphere is welcoming.)

Lord, help me to catch my vices in the door. I have prideful and self-centered thoughts in me. 
Lord, I have jealous thoughts of my friends and want control over social situation. Grant me the grace to be humble and accept the events of life from your hands with joy.
Lord, I wish to be loved more than others. Grant me the grace to do good and be overflowing with gratitude for your love.
Lord, you are mercy and compassion and love itself. Help me to be more like you, who suffered and was broken by my betrayal.
I didn't get everything I wanted to do, and that is a symptom of my workstyle. My habits are not the best in times of desolation, and I want to do better for you.
#### first attempt at poetic thoughts
_To Him that sustains, inspires, and holds me close, my dear beloved friend_

_For you: in times of frustration with one’s own persistent weakness_

Brash, headstrong, hot-headed

Who swore and

It took an entire lifetime for Peter the sinner to become Peter the saint

A heart set on you

Even after walking with Jesus for years

Anger caught him swearing and

“I’ll follow you to the ends of the earth!”

Before he denied again and again and again His Lord

Neither Betrayal nor Denial are unforgivable

Yet in weakness Peter’s heart was set on you

  

_Three times I begged the Lord_

I pray not my sharp edges and dull words

Would not impress into others

We trade blows with the earth

Poison the ground and reap our harvest

“”

I beg the Lord,

Some of our thorns will persist onto our death

To be purified in the next

_Three times[*](https://bible.usccb.org/bible/2corinthians/12#55012008-1) I begged the Lord about this, that it might leave me,_

_but he said to me, “My grace is sufficient for you, for power is made perfect in weakness.”_

  

I want to write a poem about the frustration of wanting to be free of my weakness and the pain of loss because of them.  It keeps me from others.

Reality is a broken world.

Maelstorm clouds my eyes, hate God fear my neighbor poison the earth

I turn my face inwards

There I see murky depths

Suffering is company inside, out

Who is a more constant companion?

A voice called Casting beyond myself inside, out  

Clear water 

The answer to suffering is a person

And I don’t have to suffer alone

Reality is also this: incomplete

Turn outwards and receive,

God will make whole.

But on his own time

And some not until death

The wellspring in me I know is in you too

For all the love lost to the storm

To you I ignored, spurned, cheated, denied, betrayed, abandoned, condemned

Listening to my vain babble and speaking to my stopped ears

One day we will meet

face to face

Not a cloud in the sky

Not a cloud between us  

Not yet.

---


### old
tasks
- [x] pilates
- [x] eat
- [x] class
(and I'm feeeeling alrighttt)
- [x] prayer
	- [x] finish examen
	- [x] task list/to do
	- [x] detailed "how to write" reusable to-do
	- [x] daily reading
- [x] upkeep
- [x] eat
- [ ] library
	- [x] write w Mattie
	- [ ] write a NW essay
- [x] stick around w dad
- [x] call Mahita
- [x] dinner
- [x] nap (x) movie
- [ ] stay up, call Joey
- [ ] sleep