
### dump
7/8
- Reading Lily's texts, I see how sweet they were and they make me remember that my old friend used to be that sappy. I did and I do love him lots. I just get dizzy thinking back to when we would spam cutesy emoji and greet each other through the day.
	- "intimate conversations", to invite into oneself
- He might go to Chicago, which would be insane. I might go to Chicago, so I should work for it.
- Fo sho I am Luis' friend. I think it would be nice to be in the same space too, like how he misses Ronni.
7/7
examen: talk about my day? advice?
- distracted 
- parse this one out with me, Lord:
	I'm leaning into trying to be friends with my friends, like how I am friends with you. I intend to interest them when I talk because I want to delight them, too. I'm thinking about inviting Ethan to study tomorrow, when I study with Mahita. I do want to be his true friend.
	One of my other proven true friends is Luis. I see that I have become important in his life, and I know I could fall in love with either of these men if the opportunity presented. They are both upright people. I don't want to let that get in the way of our relationship though. So advise me as you will.
		We got to talk about the past, about love, and feeling secure in the journey to find future family. We talk about being in each other's future lives to a capacity. Today he took me with on his excursion to Galveston Island Texas State Park, and it was peaceful. He wished I was there, and I would have been. He will always be my true friend. With his comment about marrying your best friend (which is what I always talk about), I wonder if he would consider dating me if I went to a Houston medical school. I'm glad I can provide comfort and security to his future, and by my way of life I know our Father will extend His help to him, too. He is his beloved son, after all. Whether to Italy or Japan, or to a state park, I can tell he does treasure my company. I love being around him, too. 



---

