
## Task matrix
#### Professional

|                   | **URGENT**                                                    | **not urgent**                                                                        |
| ----------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **IMPORTANT**     | deliverable corrections<br>research task<br><br> <br><br><br> | set appointment with Kaley<br>Medical applications/essay<br>FEMA courses<br>ENV paper |
| **not important** |                                                               |                                                                                       |
#### Personal

|                   | **URGENT**                                                               | **not urgent**                                                                                                                                      |
| ----------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------ | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **IMPORTANT**     | message Burritt Hess                                                     | *taxes*<br>pack away stuff (and find places for it to go)<br>hang with Janvi                                                                        |
| **not important** | ask Steph for makeup time<br>message Kate<br>message Ernesto<br><br><br> | respond to TSH<br>tattoo considerations<br>potluck considerations for BearAid<br>April Deep Dives<br>Kente ceremony signup<br>postcards and letters |
|                   |                                                                          |                                                                                                                                                     |

PROFESSIONAL DEV
- med apps
	- [ ] Shape up primaries: AMCAS/TMDSAS responses
	- [ ] Update application
	- [ ] List of schools to apply to
		- [ ] Revise secondaries of schools applied to
		- [ ] Add new schools
	- [ ] DO school schedule
- applications for jobs
	- [ ] appt with career center
	- [ ] contact relevant people IN WACO
	- [ ] informational interviews IN WACO and OUTSIDE WACO
	- [ ] research jobs and people doing what I want to do
EVERYDAY THINGS
- [ ] Start moving things around everyday
	- [ ] Sell? Donate? Pack? Where to?
	- [ ] List of things that get thrown away after move
	- [ ] Things that I will use up until day of move (where they go?)
DO AND DONE
- [ ] taxes?!!!!!!!
KEEP UP W SCHOOL
- [ ] ENV essay
- [ ] FEMA course
- [ ] capstone

Coming up:
- [x] BearAid meeting 3/24
- [x] Abstracts due 3/28
- [x] Bearathon 3/29
- [x] Dress shopping 3/30
## Reflections

3/30
TO DO Sunday:
- [x] Dress shopping
- [x] Respond to friends
	- [x] Message Angel/Ethan
- [x] 3Ts evaluation

CAN DO:
- [ ] Week planning
- [ ] Write Kate
- [ ] Call Luis
- [ ] Reach out to Josh
- [x] Laundry
- [ ] Writing
- [ ] Moving out to sell stuff
	- [x] take stuff off wall
	- [ ] Scrapbook art

3/30
###### Letter to my beloved friend
My beloved friend,

Last when I was trying to write to you and even in worship, I got a bit distracted and emotional. I do remember wanting to be sincere with you, and to make this personal prayer like that of one in poverty. Simple and plainspoken, persistent, and real. Come close to me Lord, because I can't do any good apart from you. You do not draw away from those who keep approaching you. 
Will you guide me through my relationships? I trust you to do what is best for me and put the people I am to take care of in my path. When you do, I will still need you to be with me. Abide in me, as you say, as I abide in you. Help me to love my neighbor and do justice to them.

Jaime
###### Other

3/28
[[the 5 Whys]] and [[poka-yoke]] were both started at Toyota. In common, environmental health scientists and car manufacturers have *problem-solving!* in common
- grudge-like feeling
	- I get the sense that she paid me not because she thought it was just to (and she said it herself that her instinct was to not give me anything), and that it was talking to her mom that it was as if the situation called me to ask her for money so she was doing it to keep peace
	- It doesn't feel like justice. It feels like getting paid off.
	- So its like she gave away something valuable. And now that she realizes it was not a gift to her, she is affronted that I want it or its equal value back? It doesn't really make me feel good.
- what to do from here:
	- mercy is loving others even if I don't think it's "deserved"
	- Forgive her too, this debt, young lady
	- God is an endless source of vitality and energy. When it's time to meet her with love, Lord, let it be done according to your will.

3/27
- As much as I want to learn how to think and make a difference and do something creative -- this is a good desire
	- And I place it down at your feet. With you, nothing is impossible.
	- (For I am little and small, and I know that you are good and loving. For your mission, for your greater glory, for protection of life and all good things, )
- I have all the skills and training I need to do exactly what I want to do in my career
- It's time to get serious...
- Solving "high priority problems"
	- What? Don't remember where I parked? 
		- WHY? ADHD
		- WHEN? WHERE? Regularly, anywhere
		- HOW? I go with my first remembered response and trust it. (Unwarranted confidence)
		- WHO? Affects me and everyone I become responsible for.
	- Interventions:
		  - "Paying attention": Don't assume "hot" response is correct-- stop and think, "is it?"
		  - is [[poka-yoke]] the way to approach?

3/26
- the week begins
- today I spent an hour on IG and I had a little brain fuzziness while praying... Still, I know God is with me and for me despite what I feel. And that is faith.
Social consciousness
	I feel more than ever a great divide between what people are feeling and reacting to on the internet and the good that's done in real life, the real world of connecting and caring for another.

3/23
- God woke me up at 3am, and I am here for it. There was a thunderstorm and I enjoyed that
- I think it would be best to approach Ethan like I would I close friend-- and that is enough for me, so God wills it. I want to be close but in the way God calls me to
- Got to see Luis, it's a happy occurrence
	- (Sorry to my tired socially burned-out friends)
- Monday of the weeks after spring break: 
	**A work week, a week to run, and will be submitting abstracts and stakeholder plan before then**
	And God help me through the next month: lots to handle, but I won't be fighting alone

3/22
Brain dump portion:
Without even trying to!
- Tony and Kiante in the coffeeshop
	- STAR blitz (4th grade)
	- pre-K SpEd kids work
Lord, what should I do right now?

---

##### Things to do:
- [x] Blair abstract response
- [x] Stakeholder plan due 3/26
- [x] watch ENV lectures
- [x] text Via (optional makeup opportunity)
	- [x] Nails for Ethan 
- [x] reserve for My's bday

To think about:
- [x] Place with God (AMDG)
- [x] ENV paper (➡️ tasks)
- [x] Early April is BB Deep Dives to sign up for if like
- [x] Do taxes
- Social
	- [x] Plan run?
	- [x] Commit to inviting Sarah to pickleball/ask to join runs
	- [x] Hang w Janvi?
- [x] MedApp season 2025 and finding a job
	- [x] Reach out to Kaley?
	- [x] Write essays, apply out more. May need dedicated time
- Parting words
	- [x] Send message to Kate
	- [x] Text Dr. Boddie
	- [x] Kente Ceremony?
	- [x] Reach back out to TSH



Today:
- [x] write 1 hour
- [x] Lent reflection, BIAY
- [x] respond to Ethan et al
- [x] work to do
	- [x] reply to Dr. David
	- [x] Blair abstract
- [x] brekky with friends
- [x] other work until waco time
	- [x] stakeholder plan
	- [x] crochet?
- [x] BearAid meeting
- [x] see Kishore fam?
- [x] call Via
 


- [x] Read prayer book
- [x] BIAY/crochet
- [x] Plan upcoming week/how I will use my time
- [x] Write :)
- [x] Buy cheesecake for family
- [x] Diamond will pick me up
	- ? Ghibli, dinner, movie, plan Sunday
	- Ask Ethan to go to Mass w him

Today:
- [x] get ready
- [x] start Rosary
- [x] Diamond time (2-night)
- [x] text MiVi and all back 
- [x] BIAY
- [x] last decade