### tasks
- [x] eat
- [x] pray
- [x] pilates
- [x] *scroll*
- [x] *poetry*
- [x] lunch
- [x] library
	- [x] task list
	- [x] recollect
	- [ ] apps
		- [ ] Check UNT app
		- [ ] SHSU app
		- [ ] Start McGovern app
- [ ] home
- [ ] ask mom what's up
- [ ] dinner
- [ ] long term plan...?
- [ ] task list
- [ ] sleep

### EOD 
work in progress:
	6/13: made a post at 2am. Regret making it? No. Do I regret the time it takes for me to make stuff? Maybe I can pray about that
	6/12: so much body ache. Going to sleep in a different bed. Talked to Mattie! I think calling one person every day is enough to keep my spirits up.
	6/11: after dinner, we slumped so hard in relaxing that I didn't get to pray or review my day proper. 
### Brain dump
#### 6/12
Prayer
	Lord, I write to you with an emotional heart. Please come close to me, and lend me your burden and strength. I hope even with this small bit of self I give that I can purify a heart or pull others closer to you. Help me to see like you, Lord, for human cruelties are nothing new, but they are personal. I know they, we, hurt you, too. And you grieve for us while you love us so. 
	It does not take birth, death, lust, and illness for me to join in your passion for the world, Lord. For the sake of your sorrowful passion, have mercy on me and on the whole world.
#### 6/11
##### Writing
Truthfully, I don't know a lot of things. I don't know how to do a lot of things. Do them well, at least. But I know I want to share this "cool thought" I had.
- Why I am writing
- The case for self-worth (+ stories)
	- Wider narrative of worth (what human worth looks like, God worth in comparison)
	- All he asks for...
- conclusion
- (postscript)

- the case to measure as God does (obedience/love rather than impact)
	- part of a wider effort (like medicine or in this cosmic fight)
	- all of it matters
	- God's grace is free to all, so is their impact
	- all are weak

#### 6/9
Lord, I ask you for your encouragement. 

---
Lord, thank you for getting me through those tasks!!!!
##### Garden-bed
Queen-mother role in Hebrew tradition
	The Church is the kingdom of heaven and earth, the fulfillment of the OT Kingdom of Israel


#### 6/8
I did NOT approach him with more "earth-like" presence and intention.
	But he did engage me even if I was just yapping. I thank God for his patience. I hope I can do better by him next time. If this is God's way of telling me to bring to Him this larger issue of being careless with my words, (it's working, I want to do something about it.)  

---
## past
### tasks
##### 6/13
- [x] prayer
- [x] eat brekky
- [x] hour downstairs
- [x] task list
- [x] pilates
- [x] text Nathan
- [ ] long-term planning
- [x] lunch
- [x] library
	- [x] apps
- [x] prayer
- [x] dinner
- [x] read book ()
- [ ] task list review
- [x] prayer
- [x] sleep in new bed
##### 6/12
##### 6/11
- [x] prayer
- [x] *fixate on a political campaign*
- [x] upkeep hour
- [x] task list
- [x] Duet
- [x] update AMCAS
- [x] lunch
- [x] call Mattie
- [ ] essay time
- [x] pick up mom
- [ ] text Nathan
- [x] dinner
- [ ] **review notes/to-do tmr
- [x] **examen**
- [x] sleep
##### 6/10
- [x] ask important questions
- [x] rest (2-4:30)
- [x] CASPER (4:30-6)
- [x] after
	- [x] inform parents
	- [x] reconciliation?
- [x] dinner
- [ ] review notes
- [ ] prayer
- [x] *read manga*
- [x] sleep
##### 6/9
- [x] 8-3:30
	- [x] Sol Ojos
		- [x] edit resume
		- [x] submit to UIC
		- [x] email Joslin
		- [x] email Kate
	- [x] consider applying for other jobs
- [ ] 3:30-5 break
	- [x] lunch
	- [ ] text back friends
	- [ ] writing time (20 mins?)
	- [ ] email Andrea
- [ ] 5-dinner
	- [ ] CASPER prep

### EOD 
#### 6/8
How will we use our words in a way that is pleasing to God and edifying for others? How will we receive and accompany others?
- 
- [ ] Alarm set to clean table and yard tmr? 1 hour before 