3/16
- AMDG
- Had a "you traded the valuable video game I gave you for a beyblade" moment and I pray that I act in good faith
	- Generous and fair in my dealings, [[to be generous]]
	- Implications if my friends do not deal as generously as I do to them?
		- You assumed it was a gift, and now that you realize it was not intended as such, what are you going to do?
			- if you sold my books while assuming yours, then it would be fair to give me the money you made selling them
			- if you gave something valuable of mine assuming it was yours, then it would be fair to compensate for them
		- Be prudent, but still ever generous to them
		- It's not about the possessions we trade but the stewarding our gifts from the God who gives to us first
		- Spend freely on travel and food, but not give to your friends, even more so to the vulnerable? These tensions allow me also to examine my conscience
- Still drinking tea, putting my belongings in good places hopefully. Starting reading more books (may be getting into bookstores). 

3/15
- 
- really grateful for Trisha in my life (a friend who so dearly thinks kindly of all of us)
- Swinging back into prayer-- I am glad to be here
- (AMDG)
- I trust that Ethan wants to talk to me and such, but I do wonder why he prolongs our drier text conversations. To what dead end.
- Interested in a guy
	- Might bring this up with Luis?
	- It would be fun to take him around Waco
	- Ask him what he's learned, where he finds community + how he deals with the loss of close connections, probe at military experience -- I think I just want to get to know him
		- And it would be fun to call it a date (or just a hang if he's not looking for that)
		- 
- I look forward to reading my book, I am going to bring it around with me
- Thoughts that didn't make the cut:
	- Good character writing, values apparent
		- Zoro is example of someone who is really good at what he does, simple (a swordsman) but not simple in values: he is not "good", or pure of heart, as that is a limit to his ability
		- Nami is hilarious because she is not "good" either, swindling and being tricky with her own teammates for her greedy* ends


3/13
- I guess it's OK if I don't get swell with others and they don't meet me in the eye? The homeless (and Jesus too) suffer worse. We meet back with freely offered love in return
- "the guys on the trip act more like girls" -- taken the way Becky meant it, she's right. All for taking photos, cute group pics, sensitive. gentle 
	- "Jaxson is a mansplainer" ALSO TRUE
- am I getting old
	- the difference between someone telling you that your brain is fully developed at 25 vs feeling it
		- a little like a switch, like the decisions you made before--you can understand how you got there, but you would not be acting this way
	- "relating to people a decade younger than you"
	- Sarah/Walker and Ernesto were both 29 and -- luckily for me -- the easiest to relate personally to
		- Ernesto
			- He chose the lone room given the option, and maybe it's that he is less not-assertive and more unsure how to operate in this space. A transfer junior coming in near his 30s
				- Hamzah and Jaxon would engage him, and yapped with Sarah and Becky
				- Usually hung back behind the group
			- Yk I definitely don't know what this guy looks like when he is in love, but I found a lot of comfort knowing that I am aware of romantic interests in other guys
				- We got to talk some at the farms and around dinner times, and he just seems like someone who has come a long way. He's attentive. Sweet. Listens when I talk, asks good questions. 
				- THIS is someone I would feel comfortable shooting a shot with
					- And if not shooting a shot, then I think the next step forward is just being comfortable being myself around guys, romantic or not. Just being my friendly self and getting close without those kinds of intentions. Like how Luis does it
						- 40% sun, 60% sunshine 
						- The goal would be to banter and joke, be comfy XD
				- Might not even be romantic, it IS just nice to have another student to relate to.
					- Maybe it was only "weird" because I am weird and avoidant of men who can see me
			- If I see him in a couple weeks, I would want to engage him more personally (I am more established around Baylor!!! I should be taking on the onus of initiative to get to know him !!!!)
				- I wouldn't have for time and goals, but I think it would have been nice to get to study with him and know him better
		- Walker
			- Also someone looking for community
			- So cool? and strong. Asks great questions. Leads a tight ship, and indeed can connect with the youth
			- Found some great spots in life and has a strong foundation with nature and with where she is in life
			- Main problem is finding that community in Waco of people who are her age/state of life
			- I don't KNOW if I can provide her what she needs, but if she is interested in going to pickleball and inviting me to run, I am so down
			- She is so upfront and honest. 
				- Her sister is kind and goofy and it seems as if they have an extremely close relationship
		- Big age gap, no? 10 years between Sarah and her sister, Ernesto and his brothers, and he noted the age gap between my oldest sister and my younger brother. 
- Lots to learn about org integration, new ideas and experimentation, and how we view disadvantaged groups
	- It's the point where it's not really us vs them, but we are helping another out -- we are a step away from being in their shoes
- To involve in?
	- MW housing community
	- Running group (april), Farmer's market (april), bearaid (april)
	- Signing up for the future and apps (april), selling things (april)
	- paper? capstone? april
	- Everything is next month, actually
	- Once apps are in, everything will be over
- God help me now.

3/12
- AMDG
- Luis and poetry
	- poetry about 
- I feel like if I wanted to get closer to Ethan, it would be a "just ask" moment
	- And I have asked him to run with me, and 
- I don't think God is calling me to find a life partner right now, but rather to be warm and like-God to all
- Wrath
	- thinking negatively about others
3/11
- mission trip
	- using things like intake forms in order to find things out with research
- heritage creamery: coming at happy hour will bring kid's scoop to $1.50
	- recognizing the bottle
- (At the end of the day, we are not going to date or even entertain dating undergraduate students)
- I don't have any thoughts at this hour. So, I will write in the morning next time.
- I'm not sad
	I don't want to write. I don't feel like going home.
	but Isabel is at Natural Grocers and thinking of vegetables, letting me know
	Litany of Humility ; or at least, Jesus, grant me the grace to desire nothing else but you
	It was a good thing to ask for water