### in good faith
It could be true that he is disenchanted with me after all the times I let him down. And still, I will persist, hoping that there is still room in his heart somewhere for me. If this group persists and he was willing to make such an offer, that is evidence to show that he does. 
Lord, you say "peace be with you", but I am frightened with the world. I want to trust him, but I feel so broken. I know you are good, and you make all things new. I want to do better by him, Lord, so if you will, please give me the grace to be a better friend. I ask this as your friend. Help me to do better by you both. (I'm sorry to have made you suffer.)
	Hey, I didn't realize it totally, but I was listening when you told others that I helped you onto the high road, that your life changed when I told you who Jesus was and what He was all about over enchiladas. I didn't realize, but you see God in me as much as I see God in you. I didn't realize that I was also special to you in that way.

Recent writing group goal: 
	Frustrated often with my capabilities, like speaking and expression
	Writing group is my best communicators: honest, intentional, warm.
	I can be warm and honest, but generally not intentional. Brain reliant. Need intention to love like God.
	Goal is to pay attention to my intentions.



When ppl say "speak my mind", they don't mean just that. 
	The fact that I have any of my friends, or that I can call you my friend, or that writing group exists, I hold immense gratitude to God and respective parties, because to me they are all gifts.
	Having such a disorganized and directionless brain, I am so blessed to ever have had a meaningful conversation. 
	Reliant on happenstance. But if I want to love others, I need to learn how to speak with the intent to do so


- Do you hear God speak to you? What does He sound like?

---

- I don't know how to express myself == I want to learn == I get there, and I am too scared to express myself 
	Putting myself in the place to do the thing is only one step of doing the thing
- I made so much noise about not knowing how to do things. (So to me you appear very patient for someone who has very little patience)
- Who knew that hide and seek was also the game of dead horses!

- Some of my weakness is because I AM incapable of some things. But some of my weakness is because I am TOO AFRAID to try.
- intention is meaning

Writing group reveals a lot to myself, in a way that makes me feel scared.
Perfect training grounds to fail, and try to express myself.

### Reflection
#### 2
Communication goals: be intentional when you enter a space. 
	ANY space.
	When I enter into quiet reading room, I study. When I enter rooms with other people. I want to be welcoming and pull the conversation to places of interest. I want to interest the other person. 
#### 1 
Lord,

I am so grateful to have such wonderful friends and witness my friends being themselves and meeting each other, and connecting. At the same time, I also feel a little sad to see it. And I think I see myself worse for it. It is true that their gain is not my loss. Please help me to see like you see, Lord. And love like you do. I do not want to be hard of heart, and I don't want to hurt myself, them, or offend you either. 

I want them to have fun and laugh and be goofy. I love to see them communicate well. It is a good thing. Can I ask you for a spirit to be more myself, too? And be free of these chains, too? I'll offer this too, I think it would be a good thing to give you this heaviness. 

This is something good for everyone. The community and the new friends. I just want to make sure I can take things in stride and do good for the sake of good-- not avoiding pain or seeking admiration, but to do good. To love. And to truly love my friends, in the ways that I am able.

---

I've come a long way, though. The fact that I can jump on to places like this. Me and Ethan both, we made this space so that we could be ourselves in community with others. I am welcome here. And it's an open floor. So we can do it. It will take courage and grace-- not even so much hardness. All it will take is saying yes to God in the moment.

