### Professional

|                   | **URGENT**                           | **not urgent**                                 |
| ----------------- | ------------------------------------ | ---------------------------------------------- |
| **IMPORTANT**     | deliverable corrections<br>ENV paper | Medical applications/essay<br>FEMA courses<br> |
| **not important** | schedule meeting with Dr. Y          |                                                |
### Personal
|                   | **URGENT**                                            | **not urgent**                                          |
| ----------------- | ----------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------- |
| **IMPORTANT**     |                                                       | pack away stuff (and find places for it to go)          |
| **not important** | April Deep Dives<br>Kente ceremony signup<br><br><br> | message Kate<br>respond to TSH<br>postcards and letters |
### Things to Do
- [x] Book sell 4/8
- [x] Research task 4/9
- [x] BearAid volunteering 4/12
- [ ] Grad photos 4/12
- [ ] My's bday party 4/12
- [ ] Sunday hang 4/13

---

### Dump:
4/12
God is Love. And His love is like light; all encompassing, and appears in different shades, described as love like a father, a mother, a spouse, a best friend. And the love I have for others is of God. I can be flexible in how I love others.

#### Prayer to the God [[who calls you by name]]:
My dear beloved Lord,
Come close to me that I may make an honest prayer. Speak, your servant is listening. Open my lips, and my mouth shall proclaim your praise. (It is a wonder that someone so great would come to me, someone who is awfully small and poor. And hear me? Though I can only whisper? You see me.) I thank you this day for all the fruit in it. Even though it didn't go according to plan, I praise your name and thank you for all this that is better than I deserve. I got to meet so many fellows in bridging and enjoy fruit with them. I saw Lily! And I knew that we were okay. And then I got to be there for Jae in the worst day of her time in the U.S.. Lord, please look kindly and pay heed to the cries of your poor, the foreigners in our land who are OUR people. Comfort them in these times, and be near to them. I pray for their persecutors, and those who turn blindly against them. They know not what they do, and who they scorn. 
I have been discerning these things with you for a while, the three troubled relations in my heart at the moment: my friend out of touch; my friend who may be offending heaven and doing ill to those around him, unintentionally; and my friend with whom I have taken some emotional distance from, though we still keep another's company. 
- Perhaps it was your design that caused me to miss my bus, to pay $50 for a glimpse and a call of my old close friend, with whom I was wrestling, *"is our friendship worth less than $50?".* Truly, if I learned anything from that struggle it is to follow your mandate to be generous with my treasures, for all is an undeserved gift from you ([[it's all cards]]). If that is it, it was worth missing the bus to see her.
- For my friend who may offend you, I pray on his behalf, for he really doesn't know what offense he commits. I pray for the strength to stand for you and all that is good and true, and support him when the time comes.
- For my distant friend, I see how he averts his eyes and I rather this not be the case. I contemplate avoiding his in-person presence completely, but seeing Jessica makes me think that there may be another path you call me to. I see that by choosing to not avoid hard things that you gently encourage me to (like attending the bridgebuilding hour when I could have gone straight to St. Peter's, or texting Ethan for Jessica's number when I could have circumvented him completely), you lead me to a greater good that I could not have imagined. So I will listen for your subtle calls, and implore you to keep doing so throughout all my day, for I know I can do so little good on my own ([[the human condition is wretched]]). I feel like I don't *need to* address the distance or change the framework of the relationship for the flighty vision that he will love me like I love him, but tbh Lord, I want to love him like *you* do--unrestrained and completely self-giving. I think that would look like recognizing his desires for the future and *supporting him with my whole heart*, leaving no room for envy or sadness. So this is something I will commit myself to doing. I will keep running with him (because I want to *run to you* with him) and then talk to him about these things.
 
#### Else

4/11
Speak Lord, for your servant hears.

4/10
- I just miss being close and getting to be goofy around you
	- If I had to choose between being touch-and-go distant and occasionally hormonal with someone who isn't even into me and raucously abusing the found family trope for the bit, I rather be funny. 
		- Remember when I said I couldn't understand why the girls who asked you out stopped being friends with you?
		- They really loved each other, but they knew, and they couldn't be friends
		- We have become closer since, and if you did today what he does now I would be upset
		- *I want to be able to support you with my whole heart*
	- 
	- (omg I can call him bubs and pat his head)


4/8
- I am so cooked! (pls don't say anything about how awkwardly I am or am not holding your hand)
	- I think I will text him tomorrow to ask if he is still running
> Friends appreciate you for reasons they can’t always articulate, and love you though you may cost them time and money and wear them out on occasion.”Essential and fundamental to friendship is that it is a natural, spontaneous, freely given and entered into relationship promised as much on subliminal cues that prompt liking as on anything that the parties could specify as a reason for engaging in it,” writes philosopher AC Grayling in the 2013 book [_Friendship_](https://yalebooksblog.co.uk/2013/11/27/ac-grayling-philosophy-of-friendship/).
- [This](https://www.thecut.com/2018/05/ask-polly-should-i-dump-my-toxic-friend.html) would be really good for the Zettle