
Remember:
	Receive all with joy, and know your desires are heard and cared for. *All glory be*.
	At the end of that day I want to say I gave from my heart.

### task list
- [x] workout or run
	- [x] BIAY
	- [x] rosary
	- [x] office visit
- [x] shower
- [x] eat
- [x] text Steph, and friends back
- [x] Beli time
- [x] write in questions
- [x] text T
- [x] start letter for Lily
- [ ] make rice
- [ ] call Luis
- [ ] dinner
- [ ] text Connor
- [ ] write letter

THINGS TO DO BEFORE LEAVING:
- [ ] Letter to Lily
- [ ] JT tasks
- [ ] capstone -- contact Dr.
- [ ] clean room
- [ ] snoopy gift for Noel
- [ ] gift for MiVi

If time:
- [ ] job apps for waco
- [ ] email contacts to meet?
### 📝 how was the day, whatchu thinking:

Lord, can I offer this up too? I feel so hopeless when it comes to "the social context", and it's like a trap-puzzle that I don't have confidence in solving. I could never do something like cut him off because it makes me sad to think about. What can I do?
If I was honest with myself,
	I am just really scared. And I am psyching myself out. I can attend an Arceo x Margallo fam night and greet everyone with a smile, and ask them about their holidays. I can ask Ethan about MCAT and the year. Naturally. Pweh.

Lily,

I count it as a blessing and delight to have a friend close enough to write sentimental handwritten notes with :) By the time you get this, it will be about a week before we first talked, begin year THREE of our friendship! 

It's your year (optimism and support)
It's my year
If we can finangle it out, it could be our year!
Year of transition and change, nonetheless
	Glad you are here with me
	And I wouldn't want it another way
Shift over time. I also want to assure my goodwill and commit to the "bestie buds 4 lyfe" bit and say that my door is always open for you, always! Barring extremely unlikely, extenuous disasterlike circumstances or my untimely death, you can take that as a promise.  



I remember you mentioned that your friend photoboard is a bit out of date, so I printed these for you 🫵 I personally don't have (m)any photos of you with Maya or Maria or anyone else you may deem wall-worthy, so if you would like to send a digital album to me for printing I'd be happy to make this gift more complete. Ngl these photos I sent printed huge, so pls pls let me print them smaller 😭 We could even make a day out of it if you wanna take a Daiso trip and get cute stickers and pins? (then I'd print my own copy of photos too haha)























