
Live the examined life! Life is worth living. 
At the end of that day to say I'm proud of what I did. *I'm proud of myself.

### task list
- [x] prayer
- [x] oops extra nap
- [x] start laundry
- [x] exercise
- [x] shower
- [x] journal
- [x] task list
- [x] eat brekky
- [x] work (12-2)
	- [x] SAS hw
- [x] phone: 
	- [x] call angel for iron?
- [ ] do more work (4-5)
	- [ ] 
- [ ] get ready for autumn moon
- [ ] autumn moon
	- [ ] intent: enjoy yourself!!!!!! also, greet everyone when you get the moment
	- [ ] pictures with my people 😗
- [ ] afterparty if diamond mentions it? Otherwise, I am *perfectly* using my time to rest and 
### 🌞 A good day for a good day:
🌻
- [ ] to-do list/day plan
🌼
- [ ] reflect on day
- [ ] plan the next day
- [ ] reflect on life
	- [ ] open weekly notes
- [ ] set alarms before sleep
### 📝 How was the day, whatchu thinking:

It's been a week. I've regained focus and looked inwards. I felt irrationally ashamed of myself a great desire to change. I've felt sadness from great lost and the rage at the anxiety I refused to confront, that I had to lose so much for it. At the end of the week, I accept that my anxiety need not control me anymore. I haven't lost everything and I don't have to keep losing: I still get to attend these events with my buddies and I still get the chance to move forward in my relationships at the end of the day.

Now I have homework and apps!!

Balance in my life: mostly well, it's about time to pay attention to my physical well-being, L O L
- Mental: well. I have not been more focused in a while. She is calm (minus the period where we were still deciding on whether to move forward with the powerpoint or not). Don't forget to take meds today!
	- I also have more time to think now that I am not stressed and anxious about social things as much.
- Emotional: my self-esteem is no longer hurting and I am willing to move forward. I may not be able to do things well as "everyone else", but I can do it. I look forward to seeing melana, and angel, and all my friends tonight! I think I will be stable from here on out
- Physical: 
	- Sleep: peak
	- Food: definitely not enough. Losing weight, but I still get hungry.
	- Movement: not enough. Thinking about stepping it up for this next week.
- Spiritual: good. Have been keeping a spiritual habit every day, which I enjoy. It takes time, but the time is always good. God be with me!
- Social: 
	- Lily: I haven't been the most thoughtful to her, so I think I will treat her to my free Black Bear Diner.
	- Jaimala: I have to thank her sometime soon with some food/gift, she has been an anchor for me. Her and Kishore both. She reminds me that life is good, I am good, there are so many good things and time heals all pain. Gotta pray for her too.
	- Ethan: things are changing and I thiiiiiink he's giving me space, but I trust him and I hope I can move our friendship to where we are having fun, more lighthearted moments. Engage my mind with more effort -- how can I pull this interaction up?
	- General FSA: I think I am doing okie in tadhana. I will help this Sunday so that I can help Isabel and engage the peoples.
	- General VSA: I like the people in VSA, and I think they would be fun to be around. I don't know if I have *time* to engage with VSA, but I should definitely take the opportunities for fun events as they arise.
	- The Goons (general) and MiVi's gang: love them. so happi
	- Contact!! : Should text Susan next time I see something... on the other hand, I have been getting to call Connor which is neat
	- Overall, I am not alone and I am well loved and supported. That's neat!!!!

