
Live the examined life! Life is worth living. 
At the end of that day to say I'm proud of what I did. *I'm proud of myself.

### task list
- [x] get ready for the day
	- [x] pack iron
	- [x] wisdom notebook?
- [x] lunch at 11:15 w Angel
- [ ] work 1:45-3:45
	- [ ] appys
- [ ] phone time
	- [ ] text Ethan
	- [ ] text Josh
	- [ ] text Kenneth
	- [ ] call Connor
	- [ ] go to Jae's
- [ ] work work
	- [ ] assignment 3
	- [ ] GIS response
	- [ ] Quiz #1 / study notes
	- [ ] research coding
- [ ] hang w Lily!
### 📝 How was the day, whatchu thinking:

things I've been thinking about:
- fear of God is the beginning of wisdom (the role of love and what hell is)
- Loosening my inhibitions
	- Writing in church
	- Carrying around an emotional support animal
	- Telling what I think, doing what I want
- My focused time
	- locking my phone in my car
	- if I woke up poorly today maybe it's because I was with my phone at night



---

Right now, am feeling anxious -- like my breathing isn't quite right. I feel a little bit anxious about the prospect of everything going like it has been, where we sit in an uncomfortable silence in the car and that's that.
	And if that does happen, so be it. He is still taking time to go with you, no? And he said he would make time for you.
Remember you have power in this situation and can still live to your intent (to communicate openly) the best you can. 

If I could let him know anything about myself, it's that I think I need a lot ==

I'm trying really hard. 

-- it's that I hope I can be more time to be fully present with you in the future and we have more moments to become closer.

---

What the Emotions You are Trying Most to Suppress are Trying to Tell You

- Emotional maturity is how thoroughly you let yourself feel anything. 
	- not changing how you feel, but listening. following your instincts
- The worst thing that could happen at the end of the day is a feeling.

Fear, a throb, a pang, sense of worthlessness, an ego kick, the idea of not belonging/
The physical symptoms are transient, but the ideas they carry last.

Suffering the refusal to accept what is.
too loving = get hurt
too smart = get bullied
too fearful = vulnerable

numbness isn't feeling nothing, it's everything at once
neutral is nothing, numbness is everything

sadness = i'm still attached to something being different
guilt = i fear i have done something bad in someone's eyes
shame = i fear I am bad in someone's eyes
anxiety = resistance to process, last grasps at control that i am becoming more aware that I don't have
annoyance = repressed anger
depression = everything coming to the surface, but going down to stow it away

off track stuck and lost = I need not change my feelings, but lean into them, listen to them

(acceptance of self)

sadness, depression, fear, anxiety won't kill me, but denying them and letting them no place to go will
- rob me of joy and life I do have

---

what should I do when I am nervous?

cue: thinking
craving: daydreaming
action: thinking about it
reward: thinking without doing action (bc what if it isn't as good as I thought)

It's too EASY and I like doing it
- You think that you are prepping yourself to have a better conversation, but what you're actually doing is setting up expectations that make you nervous, counter to having a better conversation
- When I think about texting this person, I will take a breath, it's not that deep, and then commit to action