
Live the examined life! Life is worth living. 
At the end of that day to say I'm proud of what I did. *I'm proud of myself.

### task list
- [ ] reflecting time
	- [x] What did I do?
	- [ ] How am I feeling? *(the words just come flowing out)*
	- [ ] Was I focused today?
	- [ ] What do I want?
	- [ ] What have I learned?
	- [ ] Beautiful things, things I am grateful for
	- [ ] tell a story
- [ ] dinner
- [ ] call steph
- [ ] text Noel
- [ ] make bed
- [ ] unpack backpack, clothes for tomorrow
- [ ] write until 2?
- [ ] read nonviolent communication
### 📝 how was the day, whatchu thinking:

Like Luis was saying, I need to take my rest days and be OK with doing nothing. It's... OK to do nothing sometimes.

But I guess, not when it's time to do something. So 🤖 tasks for the night...

I did get some things done, though!
### eval
#### What I did
**Things that I wanted to do:**
- pray in front of altar, with grandma
- help angel out (text everyone)
- text Noel
- text Steph
- called Mahita in the morning
- paneer tikka and pinakbet for breakfast
- ate snackies and home foods (baklava and apples, apple cider, ferrero rocher)
- started idea-writing for apps
- went to costco
- I do a lot of silly things with my parents, just like spinning or waving my arms or hugging them from behind
- make headway with my apps
**Things I would do different next time:**
- greeted the costco ladies again? I would do it with confidence that I was greeting them the way I wanted to (eye contact, strong voice), and I can't control how they feel
- whenever I feel like taking a nap or resting to procrastinate, I should call Connor or Luis, or even just unpack my bags. I should do something I would like to do. Something that would make me happy.
**Things I didn't do but I was grateful for:**
- [[Dad]] came and shared breakfast with me, half a croquette and half a mango bread
- Dad taught me how to crack crab


#### How I feel
Back in Waco, I had been having a downer kind of month. I felt alone when I realized my support net is much changed, and I have been growing more anxious again. I've been distancing myself from Ethan in order to figure myself out and give myself some relief. I remember strongly not liking myself. I've been crying randomly and crying at acts of kindness. I've been struggling for this month. Then right before I left, Mango was found with a terminal kidney faliure, and our friends came together over it. He was put down today.

Right now *I feel more at peace*, being at home. Jesse told me to focus and gave me good luck, and Mom told me I don't need to go so hard and struggle so much -- just float. Trust that you will naturally come to surface when storms come, it's when you struggle and panic that you drown. In the bigger perspective, when you are choosing what's really important it usually comes down to health and family.

Steph talked about "sonder", which is the indescribable feeling that everyone else has a life as complex, chaotic, and rich as your own. She locks in to communicate as well as she does, thinking about what the other person. Talking to other people is like talking to yourself, she says. How would I address myself when I am scared? To someone who is overwhelmed? *(I feel like I'm seeping in that complexity.)*

I enjoyed myself while Dad was going around for his birthday. It was still a surprise that I showed! (even if it was at the wrong stop.) In the end, I picked dinner and dessert, but we did more along the way: stopping in the TLJ cafe and going to Tensuke for groceries. We didn't talk much, as usual, but this time I was able to enjoy my family's company just as it was. I was myself. When we went to get bingsoo, Dad ordered the Haus special and we sat down while he set up his phone for a picture. Mom picked up the monkey game and I got jenga, got dad to play and I played jenga by myself. 
#### Remarkable things

#### What do I want in life? How do I want to live tomorrow?

#### One things I can do to build up my life:

#### What lessons have I learned?

#### Beautiful things and things I am grateful for

#### How was your break? Then, tell a story.
