
Live the examined life! Life is worth living. 
At the end of that day to say I'm proud of what I did. *I'm proud of myself.

### task list
- [ ] 
### 📝 How was the day, whatchu thinking:

It makes me ANGRY that I've let anxiety rob me of so much of my life.
I think that I could have spent so much more time with my friends in FSA and VSA instead of skipping out and waving past them. I probably wouldn't have had to suffer for so long waiting on Luis. I wouldn't have had to have 4 months to lead to a nervous breakdown in front of Ethan.

It's so shitty. I am so angry. I'm so angry!! 

I know I haven't done anything like irreparably destroy any of my relationships and it's not like anyone died because of me, but I really wish I could have been myself more often around you.

---

The rage has passed-- that's the angriest I can remember being. 

Now that I have faced my emotions and felt it out, I see them more clearly. I may be able to control them better. Anxiety. Sadness. Rage. Now where do I stand?

Even if I did communicate what I have been doing emotionally, it still doesn't change my behavior or the dynamic of my relationships.

==I can resolve to:
==1==. Treat my friends like they're my friends==
==2. Never indulge in self-pity, especially in front of my people, because that's actually terrible==


I don't want to be accommodated or reassured over stupid stuff or have you tell me something that isn't true. Honestly just call me stupid.

---

I'm back to being sad. Raging sadness.

I feel like I am at such a loss. 

Here's the question: will I put my effort into being friends with him (again)? Will I invest in him? 
	He said he would make time and he still cares about me, and he still wants to be friends, so, believe him.


I wanted to talk to Luis about it, since he always did what he wanted and then somehow we are friends again. 