
Are compliments getting easier to say?
We do love women
I may start saying that I love a man
What kind of "rizzless" man says that he would say he may conveniently forget to ask for my money so that I could revel in the enjoyment of my snacks while he sits backs and looks at me
Super nerdy girl scout is not-not cute and super funny and perfect to call me, something I should wear with pride like my heart on my sleeve

If this is an illness, I guess I've been sick for months

What else is there to say?
I hope that by writing it down I might be able to start thinking of other things
He is rooting for me
We talk in silly ways and wit and make each other laugh
(We are a comedic genius duo for each other after all)
And say how happy and glad and enthusiastic we are for each other's safety and wins
We share food and facts and wonder and things that we like or things that happen
And we swap in the ways we text each other
Literary words that you only read in books and in our messages
I quite like talking to you
I love how goofy you are 
Ur a goofball too, it's more fun together
So true, and that's why I love talking to you 
I love you, too
I love you too, too!
Lots of love
And stickers of affectionate cats 
Go to sleep
I measure in exclamations, in saying a name, when we exchange bub for bubs.
And we will keep each other company for hours
He's good company! I'm sure he thinks the same of me, too
It's been mutual close to the beginning, since we both wrote responses to each other's game notes
From texting banters to voice messages to seeing you at Mass to highlight reels and communicating in whatever worked best
He's had a good feeling about me, an intuition that told him that we would probably get along and hang out
I've heard that we are really similar, but who knew we were alike in so many ways
And his presence is so big. Don't understand it, but it's a good thing

We have this time to hangout until we die, he supposes
And we always have time to talk again
And we say we will always be there for the other if needed
And I look forward to playing with you 
And praying with you
And the time when we get to travel the world together
Or DDR in an arcade. Whatever it is, that we are both there?
We could own a farm at the end of our lives and grow fruit trees and vegetables
Own a miniature deer and a red panda
I'll see you when the summer ends
I'll miss you
I'll talk to you tomorrow?
I hope you are thinking of me too

---

Is it the newness of it all that keeps my mind occupied?
Or the realization that wow, I wish it were already the day we were connected again?
But I need to steward my time, right now, today. Tomorrow is tomorrow but there is somewhere to be, right now. Right here.