I think my mind will keep spinning on this same day if I don't write it down

I have a strong attachment to this guy, and he knows it
"Did you miss me?"

Rizz a girl up in real time

What else have you done to me
	poisoned me
	broke my airpods
	got my shoes wet
	didn't break my shoe rack

I am actually happy that he remembers the time we were friends. I think yesterday was the day we actually reestablished our friendship.

Running jokes

I'm so happy we are friends again

---

11/7

Or maybe it's that I am happy that what was lost is not gone forever? I felt like I couldn't reach him but I think I did -- and really well.
We have maybe not established a daily kind of friendship (which would require inviting, and some work on my part) but it is clear that we both enjoy each other's company.
From here, either I can keep reaching out periodically to catch up and let him in on the littler things or go for that daily we call / study / text / hangout. So I guess, if I feel up to it I will and if I don't I won't. It's OK!

- did you ever miss me? Or, do you ever miss being close?

--- 

11/11

What kind of girls do you think are cute?
Is *she* your type?
Am I going to see you rizz up a girl in real time

I am remembering the time I was so mentally blocked I was not willing to even shake his hand
Or look him in the eye, beads in hand

I am hyperfixated 
There is a way to get over fixation
In a way that you would be OK with
The attachment won't leave
But the distracting part will

---

I never heard you laugh like that before
I'm not looking for a girlfriend right now

(I got myself disassociating on the daily)

---

11/20

It's like an overflow lecture, my thoughts run on for an hour after the conversation finishes

It was very relaxed talking this morning. He's not trying to impress and I'm not scared or nervous. I think I can say with 95% confidence that we are in the clear for real. We will text if we are studying later, but he will try to wake up early to study in the mornings too

I can still remember what it was like to be terrified, when I couldn't even look at him

He's in Colorado at the house that used to be his uncle's with his mom and a lot of family, kids running around and they are up at 6am
Graduate school application time, and he wakes up on the weekend to get ready to eat
I think I just like him

*You don't see any possibility where we could be together? Because it is so nice being with you.*

---

AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA

Have some chill OK alright? alright

--

I don't have chill
I actually woke up at 5am and now its almost 8 and I have just been thinking about boys

Luis
Ethan To
Wenhao
Bronson

all the boys

It'd be really nice to start dating huh

I feel like I'm making it worse
It can't get any worse than it is right now

Can I give you something
I got you and Irfaan gifts for the New Year, I think you should have it
They're not useful 

Did you pick this song on purpose? 
That's what you wanted to play on the piano

--

11/24

All being said,
If I did see a future with this person I would have to talk about all that huh

Something that means so much to me
Not caring is not an option for me, I am at a bigger risk for getting hurt.

Friends getting back in touch: open but not seeking