
Live the examined life! Life is worth living. 
At the end of that day to say I'm proud of what I did. *I'm proud of myself.

### task list
- [ ] 
### 📝 how was the day, whatchu thinking:

#### My narrative
My name is Jaime. Right now, I live in Waco, TX, but I am going home to Algonquin soon. I work in the Department of Public Health at my university and I am a 2nd year grad student. I have accomplished 4 years in college-- one degree down, one to go--and building this space for myself where I feel like myself. Sometimes it holds me down, but at the end of the day, I made it this far. I accomplished the MCAT journey and made it to my secondaries. I am the furthest I ever gone as a person as I see myself growing and changing more and more. I have driven in Houston and I have a supportive network. I've been spending time with Isabel, Kadin, Steph, and Anjelica when they are home, Noel and Diamond on occasion, Jae and Teju on the week, and I enjoy calling Luis, Connor, and Trisha too! Recently I saw Lily, and Melana with Howl fam. I'll be seeing Ethan soon, too, looking forward to that. I'm working on getting my schoolwork together and getting my secondaries in. I really want to go to medical school! I'm proud of praying for almost a month now, every day. I'm proud of how I always get back up and keep trying, no matter how much I feel like I am thrown down. 
### eval
**Things that I wanted to do:**
- left for mass
- prayed 2 rosaries
- called Jenna
- reached out to Susan
- called Jae
- called Luis
- talked to mahita
- went to HEB, got my ingredients before meeting group
**Things that I was resisting but benefitted me:**
- got up and took a shower when I was really itchy
- made a task list when I wanted to freeze up
- finishing my policy in st. peters
**Things I would do different next time:**
- remember to call dad
- called luis sooner
**Things that I made better:
- brought food to church
**Things I didn't do but I was grateful for:**


### commit to the witness
I felt called to witness to God today, and it brought me a feeling of clarity afterwards.
	It's already a tough thing to be changing how I see myself, why not do a two-in-one and invite God into the process?
	Less of a hassle to build up real authority anyway... christian authority of meekness, of service, of bearing suffering well
	inspire a glimpse into a supernatural reality
	Christ's ambassador



### questions?
- How should I engage others?
	Tell others what I am thinking! And be curious about what they're thinking?
- What am I thinking about?
	- Forming a self-concept in order to become a different person AND how I changed other people's self concept
	- How I can implement prayer (as an NF)
	- ==Asking better questions?==
		- How I want to live -- in the present
		- Doing things because I want to...? 
			- Feeling out emotions in order to address them
			- Feeling emotions strongly -- is this how everyone feels?
	- Relationship to technology
	- What kind of doctor I want to be
	- Purpose in the world