
Live the examined life! Life is worth living. 
At the end of that day to say I'm proud of what I did. *I'm proud of myself.

### task list
- [x] pray
- [x] emergency! reserach
- [x] text mom back
- [x] start day
- [x] research (9:50-1:18)
- [x] Shower
- [x] print research, get to meeting
- [x] Dr. Y meeting (-2:50)\
- [x] talk with Jae
- [x] leadership (3:30-6:15)
- [x] go home for cake
- [x] phone stuff
	- [ ] call melana
	- [ ] text back Luis
- [x] hot pot time! (8~12)
### 🌞 A good day for a good day:
🌻
- [x] to-do list/day plan
🌼
- [x] reflect on day
- [x] plan the next day
- [x] reflect on life
	- [x] open weekly notes
- [ ] set alarms before sleep
### 📝 How was the day, whatchu thinking:

8:50
##### Distress
*Are you okay?*
	This is a 5. There is nothing wrong with me, but I feel sad, and there isn't anything I can do about it.

Which isn't true, because I am doing this to make myself feel better. And I got out of bed. 
But I am crying. So I guess that would feed back into my emotions of feeling sad. 
	I am thinking about how we aren't supposed to go through things alone, but I don't know. I am just sad.

Whenever Diamond is sad, she calls to hang out.
Whenever Steph is in a rut, she makes a call or does something good.
Whenever I am having a problem, usually I verbalize it so I can do something about it.

I don't think there is anything I could have done to have a different outcome. The future is mine to create -- if you would want to, you can very much just sit and hang out with him. 

I had a thought: I hope the people I think highly of also think highly of me. 
	I know they do. 
I hope they miss me, maybe because I find it hard to do something about it when I miss them.
##### After the storm
Questions for myself?
- It seems you have a deep curiosity for how people live, and get through things. What do you want to know?
- I wonder if that applies to me now: "be the friend you want to have"
- **"I don't want to be doing this" -- so what do you want to do?**
- Could I do it? Could I invite Ethan to the grocery store?

Dsitress part 2
- I want to keep him in the loop, but I don't want to be mopey and sad around him. When I see him, I want to be having a good time
	- I don't know what I want
	- So when I'm sad, idk
- Make a contingency plan?
	- Follow whims?
	- Find out what you want to do, and do a small, consistent thing for myself

Concluding thoughts:
- Focus today: 
	I want to keep God in my day, so that will be my next thing
	I want to get through the day (it's not that sad to want to do so, it's a normal want) 
		Have to keep trying new things and finding out what works. That's problem solving
	
##### Lingering...
- Have you considered...
	- I think it would be pretty fun to crowdsource answers and ask people questions, make them think. 
	- Becoming voluntary mute
	- **taking a walk**
	- checking on Mahita
	- calling Lily
	- choosing one thing on this list to do
	- eating breakfast
	- **starting the day**

9:39

Distress part 3
- "I have nothing to offer"
While it may feel that way...
- I think what I really want is to just enjoy myself and hanging out with him, so unless it comes up strongly I don't intend to get all mopey

- taking this time is OK
	- Let it out and keep up

- You can get better. But as you are people still want to be there with you.
- I guess what this is is a very strong desire for change. It is a good thing; it means that we want to live better than we do and we have the eyes to see where the current way is insuficient
- God I just wish I could be okay
	- Okay looks like waking up with intent. It means we have things to look forward to -- whether that is potential or realized. It means taking the power to know what I want and then just... do it. I get closer to knowing myself better (and BEING better) and we find out what we like. It is taking in the day constructively, even if it is challenging. It means being active and aware when it's time to be. It means having a clear mind, so that when the time comes to engage, we CAN DO IT! It means we are consistent and moderate in our emotions (no high and low swings).
	- I pray and I hope that whatever I do now is seeds for a future of good. I  trust that God is in my corner. 

---

- Cried again a little when I was doing research, so I put on Zedd to distract myself until I could focus again
- Was super into doing the research, flow state (phone in car!)
- Research meeting was super into it, helped me through my questions
- Eyes kind of hurt from crying a ton
- Jae was telling me how burnt out she is and how much there is to do
	- Not myself -- values don't align with my behavior
- (Later paid in full as I started crying as we were walking home)
- In class: 
	- Connor called! Good time
	- Felt better chatting with my cohort, and felt all good NOT chatting with my cohort
- After crying the second time, I went to HEB
	- And by then, I felt all better
	- Beef for hot pot!
	- And healthy foods for me
	- Hot pot was the highlight of the night
		Feeling very much like myself
		And just having a grand old time
### Rewriting my thoughts:
"There is nothing wrong with me, but I feel sad, and there isn't anything I can do about it" 
	I felt intuitively that I want change for myself ("something wrong") and I felt sad. The sadness affected my thoughts to be hopeless.
	When in fact... I did do something about it. I got out of bed. I rode out the emotions and wrote about them. I went to work -- and then played music to help cope with the feelings. 
"I find it hard to do something about it"
	I felt powerless, because I think the person I was is... unable to find strength to live her values, falls prey to her emotions and anxiety, and has difficulty asking for help or taking initiative.
	Though it is true that I felt better later in the day, helping Jae and taking initiative to buy meat for hot pot. These are things I want to do. And I have a plan! I can talk to Ethan on Saturday and update him about my reset and recent happenings.
"I want to keep him in the loop"
	I felt sad because I felt like I wouldn't get better. But I am already excited to update him on Sunday.
"I don't know what I want"
	BUT I sure as hell am trying. I know I WANT to still have him in my life and I WANT to hang out with Jenny, I WANT to keep my friends close and get some secondaries done...
"I have nothing to offer"
	While I can't seem to access the person I want to be in certain situations, she IS there and she does offer people... joy. Laughter. Playfulness. Someone who can see you. There is a lot that I can offer.
#ThoughtRewrite

**Final eval**, I am proud of myself. I felt today.