
Live the examined life! Life is worth living. 
At the end of that day to say I'm proud of what I did. *I'm proud of myself.

---
Instead of reflecting, just being present in my own life? I spent an hour going around in my head. Maybe I need some thought objectives or a prompt in progress...

*Evidence*: Once I went to Mass and studied and hung out and did my day, I was happier! I might need to just leave the house, actually
	DOING AND REFLECTING:
		Doing is good, being busy with *things that you like* is a GOOD THING
		Reflecting is also good, its purpose is to live BETTER, and focus on MEANINGFUL THINGS, and cultivate DEEPER DOING

PRACTICE! {in any moment I want to do something, I say or do it!}
### task list
- [x] take a shower
- [x] look over policy
- [x] do the readings
- [ ] meeting with Dr. Y
- [x] class until 7!
- [ ] practice interviewing today
- [ ] addressing the yearning
	- [ ] text Akhila, make lasagna soup?
- [x] Deliver melana alc
- [x] Review at EOD. thoughts?
- [ ] Plan tomorrow (and things I want to put into my day)
	- [ ] Leave house
	- [ ] Exercise (even 10 mins will do)
### 📝 How was the day, whatchu thinking:

Yearning. I must be forgetting something fundamental if I am feeling this way. (Lord, guide my heart.) 

Cultivating love, purpose, belonging... 

- Love is in the fabric. If not love, there is labor in the food that we eat and the processes keeping us together. Love is what keeps my soul alive and tethered to this earth. I have the power to love today, and be a little light for the world. That light is everything.
- Why am I so distressed over so many things? If nothing else, my purpose for the moment is to pursue my medical career. Be a good kid.

Things to remember:
- If I want to be "more functional", I should stop jumping into paralysis holes and lying in bed
- The answer, I intuit, may be to get more out of my head

Things I remembered:
- "Finding beauty in everything... let's talk about it" ([[Luis]])
- 

Remember your blessings?
- Diamond and Noel, the friends that I can reach out to
	- I don't know how to explain the truth but I want to. I'll just say I'm a hater, I guess.
- I woke up today and I feel okay
- I got to talk to Connor
- I get to talk to a lot of people, actually! Luis, Connor, Trisha.
- I should see Steph. She is a blessing.
- Tell Akhila I am free. She too is someone I love to see!
- So people around you are a blessing?


Things I should keep to myself, probably:
- I don't feel as cool as other people -- and that's OK, they are them and I am me. I can admire my friends.
- I get feelings of dissatisfaction with life and a bit lost (this is a sign that I am living more presently and I can see where I do not want to be)
- I think that my thoughts contain many distortions about myself. And I want to work on that.
- [[I have so much yearning (for company)]] (but maybe that's not a talking point, or yet. You have to turn it into something first.)
	The process is cards to myself unless prompted. But the result, that's what you want to show.
- Probability  -- why are you saying this? (conveying why I am, Luis said it bc that's how he sees the world but Connor has no idea why I am saying that)

## And yet, the sun rises and the world is beautiful.
If I can be one to behold all this, I am blessed.