
Live the examined life! Life is worth living. 
At the end of that day to say I'm proud of what I did. *I'm proud of myself.

### task list
- [x] shower
- [x] prayer
- [ ] exercise
- [x] eat
- [x] text Diamond ab Sam's
- [x] leave house
- [ ] finish UIC app
- [ ] write for 3 hrs?
- [x] Sam's time
- [ ] 2 hrs for policy time
- [ ] maybe call a friend!!!
- [ ] brainstorm what to do for projects??? at Jae's??
- [ ] reflect EOD. I wonder what ideal me would look like? Going home? Coming back?
### 📝 How was the day, whatchu thinking:

**Things that I wanted to do:**
- Wear my rosary
- Did my little stretches and bridges (AND got to tell Noel I was exercising)
- Brought a burrito to eat at the library
- farmers market
- helped Angel and Matt with credit card stuff (happy to help)
- Eating at Poppa Bear first time with Akhila
- Drink Oreo Cola with Noel
- Catch up with Shonen Jump manga
**Things that I was resisting but benefitted me:**
- reached out to Lily, even if it didn't turn out 
- UTMB interview
- called Noel to study
- getting to moody at 4:30 to study w melana, and then studying with melana!
- Picking a place to eat for dinner (Akhila actually doesn't know where she wants to eat and that's OK)
- Getting out of bed to write this. It's a GOOD THING to do
**Things that I made better:
- Went on a walk to prepare for interview, and then ran into the charcoal dog
- Listening to 101 things on the way home
- Choosing to go to my room with Sana and Ishana in house, don't feel social
**Things I didn't do but I was grateful for:**
- Little brother texted me ➡️ text little brother more often

### "How to make friends when you are depressed"
- how to lessen the impact of your depression on your social relationships
	- Don't self-pity
	- Don't make it the topic of conversation
It feels like...
	"Most days, you don’t feel like reaching out to people—you just want to curl inward and just clam up." 
	"It is tough. They may not have sufficient energy/initiatve to reach out to others. They may feel worthless and wonder why anyone would want to be friends with them. Realistically, they may worry about whether they are capable of keeping up their side of the friendship, realizing they may not be good company right now"
Realize...
"But once I realized things weren't going to improve if I just focus on myself and being selfishly focused on my own hurt and emotions... I started to realize others had their hurts and emotions too, and I should also minister to them in their times of need."
I learned to...
	"be humble and look past myself and see others for who they really were."
	"I began to depend less on myself for being the solution for everything"
	"learning to ask questions and receive advice and comfort from others"
"It takes time, humility, and dedication, but I believe it's possible to reach out to others when one is depressed!"

### Who am I when nobody is watching?
