## Turning out

  I can only know my own experience in how I interact with others. But when I passed by Aaku, I think that I can probably also talk to Noah, or greet Bronson, or talk to Ava Grace, or reach out to Noel.

I have a lot of people to call and reach out to! And I haven’t LOL

_You mentioned an indicator that may show that you are not where you want to be. Do you want to explore that?_

I called Luis yesterday. I find him so interesting to talk to, and all he was really doing (and he said so himself) was yapping about nothing for a long time. He was talking about his biggest problem (impulsivity) and how it plays out, how it makes him feel, hints about what he’s doing about it, and then about what in his recent life and recent conversations around it.

In return I offered my perspective on identity from atomic habits, how we can use

We ended up in a place where our discussion had helped him identify as aboy who was not gonna spread his cheeks for Apple

**Point is,** he noticed that he talks more than I do and asked for me to share.

I don’t know how to yap!

Or, I don’t have confidence that I am a person who can contribute good things

Perhaps a rule of life? A vision for who I want to be

If not define my life, then to refine it?

Coming into rooms and places with intent and purpose – a vision for moment to moment

Tied to a principle of who I want to be

In a state where I don’t know what I want to do in an hour, much less day by day

Take it minute by minute?

Or maybe every 3 days to initiate an event to look forward to – like shopping with Teja, or eating with Melana. Things that I would want to do

A little lost, but I know that I want to keep these people in my life and be in these spaces

Thinking a lot. AN dmaybe it isn’t THE move to write as my brain spews

**_But I shall extract the important bits, because I write to capture insight and parts of myself_**

o   Believing in a mission or at least goals for myself

When I see LaShonda, here she is looking towards her mission—serving the community with efficiency. Her work affects everyone for better ways for everyone in the country to live, work, and play.

-             Why do people spend time doing the things they are doing?

o   I’M CURIOUS BECAUSE I SPEND A LOT OF TIME DOING VERY FEW THINGS. Great for focus—I get to eat, and get ready for class, take the CASPR, and get to learn a little bit about others

-             So Mattie is interested in starting a non-profit, see, on increasing meals for those who would be eligible for SNAP.

-             That is soooooooo laudable!

o   One issue: being me – me with a purpose and intent

o   Seocnd issue: working towards something – always, by being yourself

## Leadership notes

Interaction with the speaker:

-             Anti-vax legislation? If you are the only ones advocating for vaxxing kids, how is it done?

-             The scope of leadership gets me (look at NACCHO) for what is done with local public health on a local level. A lot of legislature does not know or care about public health. Public health has become associated with progressive movement and others think that tit is the same as what is done in hospital.

-             “4 generations of work ideals and methods” è it translates directly into dealing with work ethics (boomers like to work though may be closeminded, young people are lax about work standards but have a lot of energy and tech to get stuff down)

-             Plug into **Community Conversations Conference** recommendation (recommending, there’s equity leaders in Waco and a psychologist from Chicago and there’s different mental health and burnout and wellness and things that are interesting! And there is a $40 discount – it cost $35 for students)

-             [LaShondaM@wacotx.gov](mailto:LaShondaM@wacotx.gov) , @lmh_thepublichealthpro

-             Funding is gonna be key to public health of the future

o   $7.5M (1.5M goes to WFM, the rest goes to salary to 100 workers, indirect to the City of Waco for cleaning, building, utilities, etc., $4M come from grants with lots going into WIC funding)

o   Keerthi is the baller (about financials)”

o   The state has to get behind funding public health

o   Tricky managing financials and funding employee

o   “If the community”

§  Public health is the investment into economic development

§  But people don’t see it – this IS economic development

-             Barriers and where you seen public health move?

o   Barriers: the people. Like the community, societal factors. People don’t know. People don’t have the basic knowledge on what the need is (ex: grocery store access)

§  But we don’t give up on the people…  We are a few slips away from being “the people”

-             The path of becoming an administrator

o   About this job: “I’m a health educator, I just happen to be a director now”

§  It wasn’t on my radar.

§  Learn how to do the work, feel the fuzzies out

§  That’s what make you want to administer, when you want things to be better than what you are seeing/ Don’t jump into management

§  Do the work that makes your heart happy. Going and seeing Kelsey lead the coalition, making opportunity for purposeful work

Morris:

-             Fighting to keep trauma patients because having access to trauma care is something that this community deserves – having to make that decision to fight for COVID-19