
---
### 🌞 A good day for a good day:
- [x] lectio divina
- [x] to-do list
- [x] day plan
- [x] reflect on day
- [x] plan the next day
- [x] reflect on life
- [ ] set alarms before sleep
### 📝 How was the day, whatchu thinking:

It is time to let out whatever I'm thinking.
Tomorrow I will:
- [x] do laundry
- [x] text Emily
- [x] hang out with Emily 10-1pm
- [ ] pack stuff (2-4pm)
- [ ] make dumplings
- [ ] quotes
- [ ] watch a movie
- [x] take a shower, wind down
- [ ] set alarms for tomorrow

God, give me strength to do what I promised and planned for myself with grace and love.
**

Once I get to Waco, I'll pack to get ready to leave at 2am.

---
- [x] Open [[Current WIPs]]
- [ ] [[Daily Examen]]
---

[[Daily Note Purpose]]

DAILY EXAMEN
7/29:
- fresh in the morning
- waning through the day, work was taking my energy
- a little concerned about my friend, he's a busy guy. He did text when he could, I am grateful for that. I am here.
- a bit annoyed at Linda when she texted, she's just excited to hang out. I can enjoy being present.
- The work conflict with this invoice took a bit of my time and it made me visibly sad. I am a bit frustrated with Ghia and concerned about how it reflects that I can't do it. I am a little stressed about that.
- The gym felt a little accomplishing, a 2000m row. Luis called before I entered and it really is nice to talk to him. I am grateful
- I feel a little dizzy right now. 
- What would it take to like myself?
	Do you love me? Did I do the right things today? Did I find God? I don't feel well.
Thank you Lord, for the opportunity to live another day and hopefully many more to come. If I died today, I wouldn't be happy with the way I lived it. I didn't do what I could. I live with regret.
	The mediocrity doesn't suit me! And I think a better way to live is within my reach, even tomorrow. I don't know if I saw you. At least, I saw you at the beginning of the day, that's how I got here now. 
What can I do tomorrow? I can do exactly what I set. I won't get to work on medical apps, but I can do my CAN DO work and be absolutely present for whatever is in the moment. God lives in the present; find him there.