


I want to live. At the end of that day to say I'm proud of what I did. *I'm proud of myself.



### task list
- [x] woke up
- [x] texted people back
- [x] cook afritada
- [x] texted ethan again
- [x] walked outside and restarted
- [x] ate a little bit
- [x] janda work
- [x] task list
- [x] reflect for a while
- [ ] work on secondaries
- [ ] hang with buddies (until 8pm, 9 at latest)
- [ ] correct Ylitalo homework
- [ ] Policy research
- [ ] brainstorm topics for class
- [ ] task list for tomorrow
- [ ] reflect on heart troubles
### 🌞 A good day for a good day:
🌻
- [x] to-do list
- [x] day plan
🌼
- [ ] reflect on day
- [ ] plan the next day
- [ ] reflect on life
	- [ ] open weekly notes
- [ ] set alarms before sleep
### 📝 How was the day, whatchu thinking:

My primary concern this morning was about Ethan. I get stressed! For a long time when I think about him. I 
*What about it?* Time to process:
	We had talked about the prospect of hanging out more this weekend last Tuesday, but now it is Saturday and I hadn't texted him back.
	Things I felt "bad" about:
	- not greeting him when I saw him at fam reveal or in-person events
	- leaving him a 20 minute voice message 
		- as opposed to leaving an easier form to communicate atm when he is sad
		- or talking to him like a regular person instead of dumping a 20 minute message on him
	- generally being a "bad friend"
	- spending the whole year being too afraid to communicate with him, missing my chance
	- making it hard for him to say "no" to asking to hang out
	- being a general burden 

The content of that 20 min message that makes me want to share it in a more human format (and possibly delete off his phone):
	- my greatest fear is a room full of asians!
	- how incredibly lonely I feel sometimes
	- how my anxiety cripples me
	- that I want to show up and support him
		- the ISSUE is that my actions don't line up with 
	- I have anxiety about others knowing I have anxiety
		- the ISSUE is that I don't want him to treat me different, or to feel responsible for my well-being

Other issues (keeping things to myself):
- The only one who has to take up my unprocessed emotions is between me and God
- I wouldn't tell you anything that changes how you see me
- Your friends and peers should not be responsible for your mental

He has a history of taking responsibility for the well-being and health of others (therapy ethan) and that's the last thing I want you to do for me
- I rather....... he listen
- And I wish I gave myself the space to ask him if he was OK with it first

###### A conversation?
**What that was:** we send voice messages before because it was the only thing we could do. Now we have the space to talk about things BUT I sent it because I wanted to relate and felt I couldn't do so in person

**What bothered me**: 
- that we have so much to talk about! And yet... sometimes I can't figure out how to interact with you
- Always feel like it's high stakes (running out of time)... that you will get bored of me or the whole year will go by and I won't have figured out how to talk with you
- I sometimes feel it is a *tactically bad* decision to tell others about my anxiety
	- People actually think I am anti-social???
- I'm such a scaredy cat about these things; I never feel ready and I wanted to say I would become better so I can support you better but maybe.... just maybe he would accept me as I am? And I could be better, with him?
	- You're beautiful, and I hope we continue having moments to push our relationship forward

**What has changed:** 
- I've been doing the impossible!
- Things become less scary
- Becoming more at ease

---

Did you know asking people out to be your S/O, boyfriend or girlfriend, is a completely normal thing to do between two humans?
Did you know that telling people that they are beautiful is usually recieved well


### 🤚Votes of confidence:

#### Social caring person

#### Trustworthy person

#### Beloved person


- [ ] secondaries

- [ ] gulfton report

- [ ] Dr. Benavidez reading
- [ ] Reading assignment for Dr. O
- [ ] Policy research