### task list
- [x] finish activities????? turn in app wow
- [x] nope we reflecting and crying some instead
- [x] clothesline
- [x] crochet club 4-5
- [x] erg 5-6
### 🌞 A good day for a good day:
🌻
- [x] to-do list
- [x] day plan
🌼
- [ ] reflect on day
- [ ] plan the next day
- [ ] reflect on life
	- [ ] open weekly notes
- [ ] set alarms before sleep
### 📝 How was the day, whatchu thinking:

- Probably should take time to process today
- what is impossible for me (what are things I want to do but cannot/have not because it is me)
	- invite someone I want to get to know better to an event, or to my house
	- walking into a sports event by myself
	- tell my friends I'm upset when I am upset with them
	- Ask for affection
	- Host a game night and/or dinner

- Identity of: I'm not worth the time
	- Kind of lonely, feeling like I'm on a different frequency
	- Doing it all alone-- It helps that I also don't readily share my emotions
	- A mistake to share the negative things I feel? Run the risk that you might see me the way I see myself (it's not good)

It's a relief if the problem is all in my head and it's not everyone else, because then it is in my power to fix it

---

I cried a little today, driving home. I get the urge to get into hermit mode, or die, or simply recluse from the world. Or the urge to *start over*. 

I was thinking I started lacking personality, that I wasn't experiencing enough in the world.
The problem is that I can't relate to these people anymore and hold conversation because I don't have memories of my own stories.
Though,
	My real problem may be my anxiety AND not having a "script", or idea of the flow of conversation in the moment,
	and 
	not being self-disclosing.

---

But I called Trisha today and realized I had more stories to me, and that I can make conversation flow. That was probably the most restorative conversation for my self-confidence and sense of being in a while. 
What went well?
	I picked up bits from her day,
	and I was ready with a bit from my own (about my cultivation era),
	we talked about leadership, mythology, gaming, not relating to the youth (media was the segue), hunger games,
	and in the mean time we made a potential hang out bit! For my birthday.
	I got to share my emotional stories and she was also expressive! It was a good time.

- I read her story before I went to sleep. She is a beautiful writer.

This world is already so fast-paced. It's stressfully unnecessary to demand of others to go even faster. 
### 🤚Votes of confidence:

#### Social caring person

#### Trustworthy person

#### Beloved person
