


I want to live. At the end of that day to say I'm proud of what I did. *I'm proud of myself.



### task list
- [x] bed rot
- [x] shower
- [x] reflect
- [x] task list
- [x] set alarms for the day
- [x] pick up fam reveal
- [x] meet Jae to go over SAS
- [x] manuscript call (3pm)
- [x] go to the library and WORK, WORK!
	- [ ] practice for practicum
	- [ ] secondaries
- [x] move car?
- [x] BTG (6)
- [x] Crafts for a cause (6:30)
- [ ] Rowing 
- [ ] Protein shake and meds
- [x] HEB 
- [ ] Cook!
- [x] Pick out clothes for practicum

### 📝 How was the day, whatchu thinking:

I have been feeling like a loser this whole morning -- regretful, ashamed, like I am stuck. But I should be proud of myself! 

The voice memo: you sent that with the intent of relating your experience and to share struggles in the same way people close to you share struggles. You're modeling. It's stressful to feel as if you put that on him, especially if he is also feeling down? I will have to trust him that he won't dislike me for it. I think I will admit to him that wasn't my best move (and that I have been moving forward since then). But as for where I am with him? I got to figure out how to hang out with you actually! *Girl you need to COMMUNICATE things that you are feeling and the things that you want*

The volleyball game: This was something that was quite *impossible* for me to do. And ***I did it!!!*** I even met a few new girls? Casey from China, and Mai is a freshman in VSA (Houston/Cali, travels a lot, photography, feels "close" to a lot of the officers, shows connectedness, very cool vibes)

I went to Tadhana afterwards and suddenly nothing was impossible. I felt very comfortable being in that space and evaluating others, talking to others. Minimal self-consciousness.

I am proud of myself.

---

Writing hypes me up and gets me in the right headspace! (as opposed to my hour intense dopamine screen time ritual). I have the time. I should use it!
### 🤚Votes of confidence:

#### Social caring person

#### Trustworthy person

#### Beloved person
