### task list
- [x] answer Lily's call (4am)
	- [x] talk
	- [x] eat popcorn and snack breakfast
	- [x] pack stuff for on campus
- [x] 8am
- [x] *finish task list*
	- [x] text ethan
- [x] *lectio divina*
- [x] *intern tasks (10-12pm)*
	- [x] *complete 3 lines of matrix*
	- [x] *notify chat*
	- [x] *send reminder email (11am)*
	- [ ] *Confirm eval sent?*
	- [ ] *Prepare for facilitator role, write speaker notes*
- [x] *text mom for CC info*
- [x] *eat lunch (12-1pm)*
- [x] nap (1pm-2pm)
- [x] *call Trisha (1:45-3:15pm)*
	- [x] *ask if can crash*
	- [x] *book Greyhound*
	- [x] *notify Diamond*
- [x] *taco time (4pm)*
	- [x] *check up on Noel*
- [x] *get home*
	- [x] nap (6-7pm)
	- [x] call Luis (7-7:30)
	- [x] think
	- [x] call Lily (8:30-8:45)
	- [x] think (8:45-10pm)
- [ ] *EOD: (10pm-12am) 📞*
	- [x] take shower
	- [x] skin routine
	- [x] EOD reflections (30 mins, use journal if time provides)
	- [x] brush teeth
	- [ ] Loose daily examen, luminous rosary to sleep, no screens plz only notebook
		- [x] Tell God what you have done with your day

EXTRA:
- [ ] laundry and Pirate podcast
### 🌞 A good day for a good day:
🌻
- [x] to-do list
- [x] day plan
🌼
- [x] reflect on day
- [x] plan the next day
- [ ] reflect on life
	- [ ] open weekly notes
- [x] set alarms before sleep
### 📝 How was the day, whatchu thinking:

#### Yesterday bullets:
- Didn't get to work on TMDSAS
	Probs bc I spent a lot of time sleeping and distracted by long call with friends. Marked today better times to call and when it is focus time
- Didn't sleep much today (12-4am)
- Meeting with Ghia and Dr. O, am doing something. Gotta deliver!
- Jaimala misses me. School is starting soon.
- So tired...
- Woke up and texted Steph. I think she knows I respond whenever I can, I woke up and texted her that I took a nap WHILE SHE WAS ON MY BEDROOM FLOOR. Kind of funny
- I don't get to hang out with Steph much, but it was a vibe to sit on the carpet with her and then also go out to eat sandwiches bc we are both not eating enough. Her convictions to become a doctor are like mine. She wants people to be happy and well, truly.

#### Today...
- Lily called at 4am
	She's been going through another rough patch, between her family and financial situation and dealing with her classmates and roommate on the daily? A lot of stress for her. She cried. I'm so happy we were able to hang out and talk. We ate hurricane popcorn and Trader's Joes chocolates (nostalgic for her) with tea, listened to trap on the way to the business building
- Working at the business building? Very focused. It was cold and I got straight hours of work completed.
- Got tacos with Eddie and Noel. Eddie is a real fun guy to talk to, I do like being around him. I'm more comfortable around him than before.
- Noel seems a bit,, flirty? Like talking about our titties
	I am keeping to not doing anything that will hurt Steph, which includes any physical advances like cuddling/kissing.
- I visualized how I would tell Ethan I liked him and considered him to be someone I would love to be with and consider as a partner for life.
	I think if we hung out again, I'd want to continue watching jojo and get a little closer than before, when we gravitated towards the center to press up against another and kind of lean our heads in as we watched. Maybe I can pull him closer and rest on him. Just following as I feel -- and that's how I would tell him. Since we started talking, we've become more open to just sharing how we feel. Both of us feel emotions strongly, are becoming expressive, and are affectionate people. Over time, we've been getting to share our appreciation and be open with how we feel and what we think. He really is beautiful, and I get to say that! Without thinking too much of it. I already told him 'I love you'. Telling him that when we say that we'll always be there for another or have time to hang out until we die, I become very fond. I so look forward to our time, it makes me want to ask him on a date.
	- I like him a lot. We talk everyday, but I would really like to see him. I think he would be a secure place to rest in. He's also a man after God's heart! How can I resist?
- I told Lily about it, but that might not have been the move. Her response was happy for me but maybe a bit downer on herself. 